by then ahdut haavoda had evolved into mapam .
ubisoft reflection works closely with ubisoft leamington .
jerome township is the most populous township in midland county .
recea is a commune in maramureș county , romania .
kundasale divisional secretariat is a divisional secretariat of kandy district , of central province , sri lanka .
the 55th meridian west forms a great circle with the 125th meridian east .
fischbach is the highest place in east styria .
the ohio shale is a geologic formation in ohio .
new rumley is an unincorporated community in central rumley township , harrison county , ohio , united state .
the psiloi fought as skirmisher .
unique to israel and the sinai peninsula are makhteshim , or erosion cirque .
arizona state university is located from downtown in tempe .
union county is the location of union correctional institution and the reception and medical center ( rmc ) .
río anón is a tributary of río inabón .
the jennings river is a river in far northern british columbia , canada .
in the same year pope benedict xvi appointed him as a member of the pontifical council for culture .
in 1804 , meriwether lewis collected a specimen in nebraska .
englorie park is another new development in this area between glen alpine and ambarvale .
thomas mcilwraith then became premier of queensland .
the spire consists of all of the whorl except for the body whorl .
with four chassis , aston martin would again concentrate on the world sportscar championship .
palm sugar can be substituted with brown sugar or honey .
the music video was produced in black and white silent film style .
pulicat is in tamil nadu at the mouth of pulicat lake .
every paracompact space is a-paracompact , and in regular space the two notion coincide .
monza is a town in the province of milan .
worsley is a town in the city of salford metropolitan borough , greater manchester , england .
ingleside is an unincorporated community in lake county , illinois , united state .
caithness is in the highland area of scotland .
karol kučera defeated goran ivanišević 6–4 , 5–7 , 6–2
hol is a former municipality in nordland county , norway .
ulster township is a township in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
mfk vítkovice is a football club from vítkovice , ostrava , czech republic .
lone rock is a city in kossuth county , iowa , united state .
this was an important contribution to the proof that newton 's law of universal gravitation applied to object beyond the solar system .
bluefield is a city in mercer county , west virginia , united state .
for nucleic acid , urea is the most commonly used denaturant .
marcello spatafora was born in innsbruck , austria .
jacco eltingh / paul haarhuis defeated david adam / andrei olhovskiy , w/o
medford is a city in steele county , minnesota , united state .
deindustrialization and urbanization had pushed out manufacturing .
under the republic of china , chengde was the capital of rehe province .
marble arch became the entrance to hyde park and the great exhibition .
dr heena gavit is an indian bharatiya janata party politician from maharashtra .
congresswoman kirsten gillibrand ultimately replaced clinton as the junior new york senator .
castleford is a town in the city of wakefield , west yorkshire , england .
john fitzgerald and johan kriek were the defending champion but only fitzgerald competed that year with anders järryd .
langelandsgade kaserne is a former military barrack in aarhus , denmark .
silo is a town in bryan county , oklahoma , united state .
kampala is the capital and largest city of uganda .
mizil ( ) is a town in prahova county , muntenia , romania .
ntelos started fttp service in certain area of virginia .
upstreet is a ribbon development along the a28 road .
ferromanganese is used as a deoxidizer for steel .
gore is the main centre of gore district .
burnham deepdale follows brancaster staithe if travelling eastbound .
jalhay ( ) is a municipality of belgium .
elkader is a city in clayton county , iowa , united state .
precipitation surface runoff from the peak drains into tributary of the little wenatchee river .
allamakee county is divided into eighteen township :
ember to inferno is the debut studio album by american heavy metal band trivium .
in north america , stock car racing is the most popular form of auto racing .
similar law existed in bulgaria – the law for protection of the nation , hungary , romania , and austria .
huxley and biologist august weismann insisted on natural selection as the primary agent in evolution .
for the costa rica 2011 census , parrita had a population of inhabitant .
johor fm was one of the first regional radio station in malaysia .
the battle of the crater was a battle of the american civil war , part of the siege of petersburg .
uxbridge is a township in the regional municipality of durham in south-central ontario , canada .
the 6th october bridge ( , ) is an elevated highway in central cairo , egypt .
hyposmia might be a very early sign of parkinson 's disease .
the state highway head north through greene county as madison road .
iaciara is a municipality in northeastern goiás state , brazil .
clementon is a borough in camden county , new jersey , united state .
san cristoforo sul naviglio is a church in milan , northern italy .
the croatian football federation ( hn ; , ) is the governing body of association football in croatia .
marion county is part of the chattanooga dma .
in april 2013 , stevie ray inducted booker t into the wwe hall of fame .
kazakhstan–ukraine relation are foreign relation between kazakhstan and ukraine .
by road , grand teton national park is from salt lake city , utah and from denver , colorado .
whether the rule of law can truly exist without democracy is debated .
hyde park corner is a london underground station near hyde park corner in hyde park .
both sand and silt are mostly inert rock particle , including quartz , calcite , feldspar and mica .
great ayton is a railway station on the esk valley line , which runs between whitby and middlesbrough .
max ernst emigrated to america with the assistance of peggy guggenheim .
basankusu is a town in équateur province , democratic republic of the congo .
the rimouski océanic are a junior ice hockey team in the quebec major junior hockey league ( qmjhl ) .
northampton was a county borough .
city stadium karviná-ráj is a football stadium in karviná , czech republic .
morristown is a city in rice county , minnesota , united state .
lóðurr ( also lodurr ) is a god in norse mythology .
josé acasuso defeated nicolás massú 6–4 , 6–3
carrick is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
the amazon rainforest has dried up and become grassland .
the following new york city subway station serve tremont :
this gene encodes one of the three subunit of the rna polymerase iii transcription factor complex .
meire grove is a city in stearns county , minnesota , united state .
fishing was the main source of food and income .
the royal artillery wore dark blue tunic .
aratika is an atoll in the tuamotu group in french polynesia .
every guild had 2 alderman .
lindeman fjord is a fjord in king christian x land , east greenland .
whaitiri is a female atua and personification of thunder in māori mythology .
magnesium formate is a magnesium salt of formic acid .
ketchum is a town in craig and mayes county , oklahoma , united state .
pine city is also the county seat of pine county .
within the latter day saint movement , the community of christ practice open communion .
rheinpark stadion in vaduz is the national stadium of liechtenstein .
cantel is a municipality in the quetzaltenango department in guatemala .
plainville is a town in norfolk county , massachusetts , united state .
samara oblast ( ) is a federal subject of russia ( an oblast ) .
vinton is a village in gallia county , ohio , united state .
the tunnel hill state trail trail-head and headquarters is located in vienna .
upper moreland township is a township in montgomery county , pennsylvania , united state .
cyprus participated in the eurovision song contest 2012 in baku , azerbaijan .
in 1948 the free democratic party was founded in heppenheim .
columbus is the oldest town in kentucky 's jackson purchase .
ballinger is about south of abilene .
estádio nacional 12 de julho is a multi-use stadium in são tomé , são tomé and príncipe .
glebe place is a street in chelsea , london .
whitehall is a suburban community of columbus , ohio in franklin county .
in the burma campaign , 3 commando brigade comprising no .
czechoslovakia thus became a part of the eastern bloc .
leech lake township is a township in ca county , minnesota , united state .
the 1648 peace of westphalia gave france limited control over alsace and lorraine .
jmol is computer software for molecular modelling chemical structure in 3-dimensions .
the coalition was inclusive but prohibited political party .
state highway 8 ( west bengal ) is a state highway in west bengal , india .
thus , kashmir shaivism is also propounding of theistic monism or panentheism .
mohakhali is an area of dhaka city .
levocetirizine is an antihistamine .
`` humpin ' around '' is a song by american singer bobby brown .
st leonard 's parish was within the diocese of london .
lita then hit kim with a ddt .
the following 2011 cricket world cup match were played in pallekele international cricket stadium .
the gametophyte produce gamete via mitosis .
litchfield township is a township in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
today , aleut ceremony are those of the russian orthodox church .
costigliole d'asti ( ) is a small italian town in the province of asti , southern piedmont .
hinton waldrist is a village and civil parish in the vale of white horse , england .
atlanta peachtree station is a train station in atlanta , georgia .
childrey is a village and civil parish about west of wantage in the vale of white horse .
parlier is a city in fresno county , california , united state .
bisonó is located in the cibao valley of the yaque del norte river .
kingston township is a township in meeker county , minnesota , united state .
conestoga township was formed in 1712 as part of chester county .
mclean is a town in gray county , texas , united state .
bulgaria annexed the town of strumica .
john frankenheimer took over the film from another director , arthur penn .
atlanta is a village in phelps county , nebraska , united state .
hermes press is an american comic book publisher .
the elephant in the room is the eighth studio album by american rapper fat joe .
this sediment enters the trench with 50–60 % porosity .
in the uk action force series , lady jaye is from cork in ireland .
the pontifical commission for latin america is a department of the roman curia .
oslo is a city in marshall county , minnesota , united state .
ferromagnetism arises due to two effect from quantum mechanic : spin and the pauli exclusion principle .
skenfrith castle was constructed alongside the river monnow .
similarly , for a simplicial complex , the euler characteristic equal the alternating sum
the trudgen developed into the front crawl .
first south yorkshire operate service in doncaster , rotherham and sheffield .
naples is a city in morris county , texas , united state .
capivari is a municipality in the state of são paulo in brazil .
the china national highway 210 also runs through guiyang via xifeng and longli .
hiram is a town in oxford county , maine , united state .
victoria park is a stop on the region of waterloo 's ion rapid transit system .
the series is named in honor of peter gustav lejeune dirichlet .
tazewell is a town in tazewell county , virginia , united state .
sumrall is a town in lamar county , mississippi .
josep sánchez i llibre ( vilassar de mar , spain 6 may 1949 ) is a spanish politician from the democratic union of catalonia .
king oscar fjord is a major fjord system in ne greenland .
the camopi is a long river in french guiana .
john milton and john locke are the predecessor of modern liberalism .
mesa air group acquired air midwest in 1991 .
nephelinite is an example of a silica-undersaturated igneous rock .
menz gera midir was part of the former gera midirna keya gebriel woreda .
during lap 49 , green flag pit stop began with kurt busch and reutimann .
hong kah is a residential precinct in jurong west , singapore .
narragansett high school is a public high school in narragansett , rhode island .
east providence is a city in providence county , rhode island , united state .
the subsequent washington naval conference resulted in the washington naval treaty .
`` even flow '' is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .
the wellington cable car run from lambton quay to the top of the wellington botanic garden .
boman irani has been a brand ambassador of :
piatnitzkysauridae is an extinct family of allosauroid dinosaur .
in 2012 lee holdsworth replaced alex davison .
the internal revenue service provides tax incentive for this type of company .
the catawissa tunnel is entirely in east union township .
yale is a village in jasper county , illinois , united state .
walkersville is an unincorporated community in lewis county , west virginia , united state .
the blackall range is a mountain range in south east queensland , australia .
the whiteface river flows through the northwest portion of ness township .
mccomb is a village in hancock county , ohio , united state .
an inner measure is a function
saint joan is a play by george bernard shaw about 15th-century french military figure joan of arc .
laneshaw bridge is a civil parish in borough of pendle , lancashire , england .
purine nucleoside phosphorylase intraconverts inosine and hypoxanthine .
the chinga meteorite is an iron meteorite .
kinn is a municipality in vestland county , norway .
little egg harbor township is a township in ocean county , new jersey , united state .
bishop is the highest office of the aaronic priesthood .
chromosome 5 is one of the 23 pair of chromosome in human .
the mayo kébbi is a river in central and west africa .
ceramic include terra cotta , earthenware , porcelain , and stoneware product .
the wabanaki confederacy allied with french colonist in acadia .
ned block has advanced several other argument against functionalism .
hamilton college had seven campus in iowa and nebraska .
the invasion of sawiq occurred after the quraysh 's defeat in the battle of badr .
in the subsequent people power revolution , marcos resigned and went into exile , and corazon aquino became president .
waterman is a village in dekalb county , illinois , united state .
heywood cricket club plays in the central lancashire cricket league .
glencliff high school is an american public high school in nashville , tennessee .
chinchpokli was also part of mumbai south lok sabha constituency .
the payload appears immediately after the header .
arellano university operates seven campus in metro manila .
spain does not have a resident embassy in saint kitts and nevis .
in the california state senate , san joaquin county is in .
ohio dominican university is a private dominican liberal art university in columbus , ohio .
the 37th battalion was an infantry battalion of the australian army .
heinz günthardt / balázs taróczy defeated raymond moore / andrew pattison 6–0 , 6–2
reflection of the incident ray also occurs in the plane of incidence .
clomifene has antiestrogenic effect in the uterus .
insomniac folklore is an american rock band from portland , oregon .
ozzmosis is the seventh solo studio album by english heavy metal musician ozzy osbourne .
the inspector of the air force is the chief of the air force command , based in gatow , berlin .
ameide is a city in the dutch province of utrecht .
the outer ear consists of the pinna and the ear canal .
gallium is used for neutrino detection .
project manager are in charge of the people in a project .
milford center is a village in union county , ohio , united state .
sergio casal / emilio sánchez defeated darren cahill / mark woodforde 6–3 , 6–3
montgomery township is a township in southern somerset county , new jersey , united state .
in 2013 , invasor was inducted into the national museum of racing and hall of fame .
the 2015–16 bchl season was the 54th season of the british columbia hockey league .
sarasău ( ) is a commune in maramureș county , maramureș , romania .
in 943 li bian died and li jing succeeded his father .
kholo is a rural locality in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
the entire municipality of slovenske konjice is now included in the savinja statistical region .
milwich is a civil parish in the borough of stafford , staffordshire , england .
the university system of ohio is the public university system of the state of ohio .
neo soul ( sometimes called progressive soul ) is a genre of popular music .
hurstville is a suburb in southern sydney , new south wale , australia .
the route 66 raceway is also located in joliet .
sparwood is a district municipality in the canadian province of british columbia .
stendhal fought with napoleon and participated in the french invasion of russia .
penicillium roqueforti is a common saprotrophic fungus in the genus `` penicillium '' .
puerto williams is one of the principal naval base of the chilean navy .
xu huang was previously a close friend of guan yu .
commutative ring theory originated in algebraic number theory , algebraic geometry , and invariant theory .
france is in europe .
regarding invertebrate , the burrowing owl seems less of a generalist .
dance is divided into modern dance and ballet .
parahyangan is a part of the former sunda kingdom .
center township is a township in indiana county , pennsylvania , united state .
the gupta empire had their capital at pataliputra .
lac d'émosson is a reservoir in the canton of valais , switzerland .
in 2000 , memphis moved into the newly constructed autozone park .
this gene encodes a subunit of mitochondrial atp synthase .
thomas cole is generally acknowledged as the founder of the hudson river school .
111 street is a major arterial road in south edmonton , alberta , canada .
joakim nyström was the defending champion , but lost to thomas muster in the second round .
in 1870 john d. rockefeller , his brother william rockefeller , henry flagler , oliver burr jennings and silent partner stephen v. harkness formed standard oil .
the administrative centre was the village of kolbjørnsvik on hisøya island .
howrah district is one of the highly urbanized area of west bengal .
silicon dioxide ( sio ) is a common fundamental constituent of glass .
balivanich is within the parish of south uist .
diamond harbour is on the national highway 12 .
bagnolo di po is a `` comune '' in the province of rovigo , in veneto , northern italy .
acid erosion often coexists with abrasion and attrition .
mediapolis is a city in de moines county , iowa , united state .
eternity possibly served as inspiration for marvel writer jim starlin and steve englehart .
yotvata started in 1951 as a nahal settlement named ein radian .
calice al cornoviglio borders the following municipality : beverino , follo , mulazzo , podenzana , rocchetta di vara , tresana .
volant is a borough in lawrence county , pennsylvania , united state .
sodium , potassium , chloride , calcium , magnesium , and phosphate are example of electrolyte .
district differ from stake in the following way :
raub district also is home to fraser 's hill .
cecil is a town in cook county , georgia , united state .
lesotho competed at the 1988 summer olympics in seoul , south korea .
el argar is the center of the early and middle bronze age in iberia .
today , ousden is part of the diocese of st edmundsbury and ipswich , a smaller diocese covering much of west suffolk .
nonouti is an atoll and district of kiribati .
martina hingis was the defending champion , but lost to elena dementieva in the quarterfinal .
the cambodian people 's party ( cpp ) is the sole dominant-party in cambodia .
it is found in the russian far east , the korean peninsula , japan , india , nepal and china .
st lucia barrack , omagh is a former military base in omagh , northern ireland .
meda welabu is one of the woredas in the oromia region of ethiopia .
rømø is the southernmost of denmark 's wadden sea island .
hukok ( ) is a kibbutz in israel .
bob jackson was the manager of the english association football club portsmouth f.c .
the video game crash of 1983 was an industrywide disaster , especially for atari .
the rogallo wing is a flexible type of wing .
bob carmichael / mark edmondson defeated péter szőke / balázs taróczy 7–5 , 6–4
pasco high school is a high school in dade city , florida , united state .
perth ( ) is a town in eastern ontario , canada .
correio da manhã ( ) is a portuguese daily newspaper from portugal .
zz top played super bowl xxxi in 1997 , along with the blue brother and james brown .
it was completed in 1915 when kigoma was part of german east africa .
this was the first episode that rich moore directed at film roman .
latvia–turkey relation are the foreign relation between latvia and turkey .
blue planet software , inc. is a video game developer and video game publisher .
the luftwaffe was the air force of nazi germany prior to and during world war ii .
st mary 's church is a church of england parish church in banbury , oxfordshire in the diocese of oxford .
almost always , harmonia is the wife of cadmus .
dharamshala is also part of kangra lok sabha constituency .
ahindra chowdhuri , sombhu mitra and tripti mitra were the leading member of the group `` bohurupee '' .
dopamine agonist include bromocriptine , pergolide , pramipexole , ropinirole , piribedil , cabergoline , apomorphine and lisuride .
european integration has primarily come about through the european union and its policy .
irwin is a village in kankakee county , illinois , united state .
chromosome 11 is one of the 23 pair of chromosome in human .
transliteration is not the same as transcription .
the cat is one of the twelve sign of the vietnamese zodiac .
a snellen chart is one type of eye chart used to measure visual acuity .
the chinese high school ( ) was a former independent school in singapore offering secondary education .
gulab singh changed the name of rajouri to rampur .
iodine oxide are chemical compound of oxygen and iodine .
nine news sydney is the weeknight , flagship news bulletin of the nine network .
gwadar then became a tehsil in the makran district .
a systematic review compared two antibiotic .
the castle began as a late 11th-century ringwork .
the 65th meridian west forms a great circle with the 115th meridian east .
george brockwell gill ( 1857–1954 ) was an architect in ipswich , queensland , australia .
bayport is a city in washington county , minnesota , united state .
monarch park stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in toronto , ontario , canada .
bleach is the third full-length album by the christian rock band bleach .
the ogunquit river is a tidal river in southern maine .
paonta sahib is an industrial town of himachal pradesh in india .
swan river township is a township in morrison county , minnesota , united state .
the path also operates out of newark penn station .
whiteflat declined during the great depression and the dust bowl of the 1930s .
capote is a 2005 biographical film about truman capote directed by bennett miller .
the state park surrounds white lake , a typical glacial lake .
fly ash is composed mainly of silica and calcium oxide .
spruce run begins in a narrow valley in eastern hartley township .
bergen community college has a location in hackensack .
persistence of time is the fifth studio album by the american thrash metal band anthrax .
the minilya river descends over its watercourse .
templeton is located at in bolivar township .
each chromosome still consists of two chromatid .
durham university has its own durham university boat club :
the bishop of ely is the ordinary of the church of england diocese of ely in the province of canterbury .
the bobritzsch is a river of saxony , germany .
in cooperative game theory and social choice theory , the nakamura number measures the degree of rationality
milford is served by the delaware valley school district .
ciortești is a commune in iași county , western moldavia , romania .
thatcher is a town in graham county , arizona , united state .
muzzano border the following municipality : camburzano , graglia , occhieppo superiore , sordevolo .
khandallah is a suburb of wellington , the capital city of new zealand .
ophiuchus is one of thirteen constellation that cross the ecliptic .
wig wam is a norwegian glam metal band .
informally , the term 'the kirk ' refers to the church of scotland .
matawan is a borough in monmouth county , new jersey , united state .
in 1969 , the people 's liberation army disarmed the red guard all across china .
a kickoff specialist is a seldom-used position in gridiron football .
in the first partition of poland in 1772 , the russian empire annexed vitebsk .
happy valley is often a hot spot in hong kong .
manuela maleeva defeated sylvia hanika 7–6 , 7–5
garden battery is an artillery battery in sliema , malta .
castroville is a city in medina county , texas , united state .
rochedale is an outer southern suburb of the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
modern standard arabic is an official language of syria .
new hampshire route 63 is a north–south state highway in cheshire county in southwestern new hampshire .
chase finlay ( born 1990 ) is an american ballet dancer and a former principal dancer with the new york city ballet .
tebo creek is a stream in benton and henry county in the u.s. state of missouri .
mporokoso is a constituency of the national assembly of zambia .
in 1974 tom baker was cast as the doctor .
the vietnam national futsal team qualified for the 2016 fifa futsal world cup , the first appearance for vietnam at a fifa-sanctioned tournament .
the nature reserve provides the area with protection against exploitation and forestry .
ramona 's world is the eighth book in the ramona quimby series by beverly cleary .
gymnophryxe is a genus of fly in the family tachinidae .
coldspring is a city in san jacinto county , texas , united state .
the chinese ymca of hong kong ( ) is an social and charity institution in hong kong .
una is a city in bahia , brazil .
viggbyholm is a neighborhood in täby municipality , in greater stockholm , sweden .
queen lurline is a fictional character in the oz book by l. frank baum and other author .
nasa ordered eight eu 's from boeing .
maulds meaburn is a village in cumbria , england .
the census town are : jhanti pahari , barjora , bhutgerya and beliatore .
khondalite is a foliated metamorphic rock .
`` early winter '' was included on the setlist of the sweet escape tour .
skedee is a town in pawnee county , oklahoma , united state .
the agreement on agriculture ( aoa ) is an international treaty of the world trade organization .
township are geographic and political subdivision of a county .
the hebrew calendar year conventionally begins on rosh hashanah .
the 2012–13 philippine basketball association ( pba ) pba philippine cup was the first conference of the 2012–13 pba season .
fontenelle 's post became the start of bellevue , the first town in nebraska .
mistretta borders the following municipality : capizzi , caronia , castel di lucio , cerami , nicosia , pettineo , reitano , santo stefano di camastra .
niddry castle is a sixteenth-century tower house near winchburgh , west lothian , scotland .
nice côte d'azur airport is the third busiest airport in france after charles de gaulle airport and orly airport , both near paris .
huntersville township is a township in wadena county , minnesota , united state .
american child is the second studio album by american country music artist phil vassar .
kuortane is a municipality of finland .
yanam and mahé are enclave of andhra pradesh and kerala respectively .
1920 is a series of indian horror film .
olivenite , mansfieldite , scorodite , azurite and malachite are found in association with zeunerite .
the botanic garden of the irkutsk state university is a botanic garden in irkutsk , siberia , russia .
the national tainan first senior high school ( ) is a public senior high school in east district , tainan , taiwan .
sacramento county is the central county of the greater sacramento metropolitan area .
waste stabilization pond are one of the cheapest wastewater treatment processes in term of operation and maintenance .
armourdale was a provincial riding in ontario , canada .
thomas square in honolulu is named after admiral richard darton thomas .
james clarke cribb died on 23 may 1926 at ipswich and was buried in the ipswich general cemetery .
the shimōsa plateau remains an important economic center of japan .
fultonham is a hamlet in fulton , schoharie county , new york , united state .
leytonstone became part of the london borough of waltham forest in 1965 when greater london was created .
spice is an essential element in indonesian cuisine .
thai elephant are classed as indian elephant .
haxey is a large parish on the southern border of the isle of axholme .
monroe county is a county in the u.s. state of florida .
lleyton hewitt was the defending champion but lost in the quarterfinal to sébastien grosjean .
according to aamir khan , mithun chakraborty is famous in china due to the song .
the a6195 road runs through the dearne valley in south yorkshire , england .
telegram was the only working instant messaging application .
autofellatio is a niche in pornography .
the forum for democracy and development ( fdd ) is a political party in zambia .
kingmambo was retired to stud in 1994 and stood at lane 's end farm .
fairfax is a city in renville county , minnesota , united state .
the lighthouse is part of the cape lookout national seashore and can only be accessed by private ferry .
only austria , prussia , danish , swedish pomerania , and the french-occupied principality of erfurt stayed outside the confederation of the rhine .
đông hà ( ) is the capital of quảng trị province , vietnam .
winchester bay is an unincorporated community in douglas county , oregon , united state .
in november 2018 on wwe smackdown , daniel bryan won his fourth wwe championship .
iva majoli won in the final 7–5 , 1–6 , 7–6 against jana novotná .
the 133rd engineer battalion is a component of the maine army national guard and the united state army .
upper saddle river is a borough in bergen county , new jersey .
`` purple rain '' is a song by american musician prince and his backing band the revolution .
walker is a city in livingston parish , louisiana , united state .
euclid avenue is a major street in cleveland , ohio .
madhya pradesh high court bench at indore is a permanent bench of madhya pradesh high court in indore .
many fisherman get the cutbow confused with the rainbow and cutthroat trout .
in the california state legislature , salida is in , and in .
knox county is included in the knoxville metropolitan area .
the diocese of glasgow and galloway is one of the seven diocese of the scottish episcopal church .
in late 2003 , michael howard appointed letwin as his successor as shadow chancellor of the exchequer .
the princess can move as a bishop or a knight .
john isner / sam querrey defeated mardy fish / andy roddick , w/o
taguatinga is an administrative region in the federal district in brazil .
holland landing was the northernmost point on the original alignment of yonge street .
as an unoriented surface , its mapping class group is formula_23 .
alathur is a most developed village in thanjavur district .
st james house is a grade ii listed building in monmouth , monmouthshire , wale .
grant connell / patrick galbraith defeated luke jensen / murphy jensen 6–4 , 6–4
lockhart is a town in covington county , alabama , united state .
the administrative centre of halsa was the village of liabøen .
the eparchy is a part of the greek catholic church of croatia and serbia , together with the greek catholic eparchy of križevci in croatia .
his grandfather , george theodore mickelson was the 18th governor of south dakota .
behala is a part of kolkata municipal corporation area .
following the february 2011 christchurch earthquake , the canterbury rugby league cancelled the pre-season competition .
gwanda is the location of the district headquarters of gwanda district .
enos was the grandson of adam and eve ( ; ) .
pennsylvania route 940 run through freeland .
olivet is a town in and the county seat of hutchinson county , south dakota , united state .
salisbury railway station provides access to regular queensland rail city network service to brisbane and beenleigh .
strange loop may involve self-reference and paradox .
pindorama belongs to the mesoregion of são josé do rio preto .
borussia dortmund ended the 2012–13 season in second place in the 2012–13 bundesliga .
campbellton is a town in jackson county , florida , united state .
both minyue and dong'ou claimed descent from goujian .
at the time of her birth , mparo was part of kabale district .
gerd müller is a former german association football player .
steffi graf defeated jana novotná by walkover
charles hastings doyle became lieutenant governor of new brunswick in 1867 following canadian confederation .
talbot is a town in victoria , australia .
reydon is a town in roger mill county , oklahoma , united state .
fair hill is an unincorporated community in cecil county , maryland , united state .
waste collection is a part of the process of waste management .
michael stich defeated jan siemerink 6–4 , 6–4 , 6–4
major general jonathan m. wainwright was left in command on bataan and corregidor .
tusshar kapoor is the son of bollywood actor jeetendra and shobha kapoor .
blain is a borough in perry county , pennsylvania , united state .
hackney wick is a neighbourhood in east london , england .
this protein is a member of the slc25 mitochondrial solute carrier protein family .
at that time , douglas county pud received electrical current from the bonneville power administration .
kentucky lake is managed by the tennessee valley authority .
nicaragua competed at the 1992 summer olympics in barcelona , spain .
the grand place is the most important tourist destination and most memorable landmark in brussels .
joe louis arena was an arena in downtown detroit .
the 30th battalion received the following battle honour :
sandefjord is a stronghold for the conservative party .
in 1971 superior became part of the university of wisconsin system and acquired its present name .
sokol aircraft plant ( ) is a manufacturer of mig fighter , based in nizhny novgorod .
tagish lake flows via the tagish river and the yukon river to the bering sea .
vinberg is a locality and a parish in falkenberg municipality , halland county , sweden .
india was victorious in the resulting siachen conflict against pakistan .
the following new york city subway station serve kingsbridge :
california 's 45th state assembly district is one of 80 california california state assembly district .
izvoru is a commune in argeș county , muntenia , romania .
utsunomiya is the commercial and industrial center of tochigi prefecture .
bell canyon is an unincorporated community in eastern ventura county , california , united state .
watson is located at the concurrency of highway 5 and saskatchewan highway 6 , the canam highway .
for the costa rica 2011 census , tamarindo had a population of inhabitant .
deceased in 1380 , catherine of siena had supported pope urban vi during the western schism .
the reed bed at ford green is a site of special scientific interest .
sheung cheung wai is the only walled village along the ping shan heritage trail .
kingsley is a village in the east hampshire district of hampshire , england .
reitbrook borders the quarter kirchwerder , ochsenwerder , neuengamme and allermöhe .
chris brancato acts as showrunner .
rumichaca bridge is the most important land route between colombia and ecuador .
the speaker of the parliament of singapore was halimah yacob , of the people 's action party .
lawrence township is a township in clearfield county , pennsylvania , united state .
in 1966 , mao zedong launched the cultural revolution .
the treaty of london end first balkan war .
monsignor rómulo garcía died in bahía blanca on december 18 , 2005 .
the 20/20 experience – 2 of 2 is the fourth studio album by american singer and songwriter justin timberlake .
dynevor was in the channel country .
a common misconception is that the cape of good hope is the southern tip of africa .
borgarello borders the following municipality : certosa di pavia , giussago , pavia , san genesio ed uniti .
srikrishna college of bagula is a notable educational institution of west bengal .
louis le vau died in paris .
kathak is a form of indian classical dance .
stockertown is a borough in northampton county , pennsylvania , united state .
volyně is a town in the south bohemian region of the czech republic .
south hutchinson is a city in reno county , kansa , united state , and a suburb of hutchinson .
the rakh branch is a canal in the punjab province of pakistan .
rick heinrichs served as the production designer and colleen atwood did costume design .
mcdonough county is a county in the u.s. state of illinois .
persistent anti-social behavior may be a manifestation of an antisocial personality disorder .
sturbridge is a town in worcester county , massachusetts , united state .
helen kelesi / monica seles defeated laura garrone / laura golarsa 6–3 , 6–4
pennsylvania avenue is a major north-south street in brooklyn , new york .
pennantia is the sole genus in the plant family pennantiaceae .
pleasant hill is a town in cumberland county , tennessee , united state .
the white tower , at the tower of london had external gutter .
fort bidwell is now registered as california historical landmark # 430 .
the mayor of galway is the head of galway city council and first citizen of galway , ireland .
the axial skeleton consists of 80 bone :
google cloud platform provides infrastructure as a service , platform as a service , and serverless computing environment .
in bergen , the main theatre den nationale scene is a monumental example .
tinaroo is a rural locality in the tableland region , queensland , australia .
before harald fairhair , romsdal was a petty kingdom .
the association football team had 2 participation in cypriot fourth division .
no sheffield shield match were played in january due to the 2011–12 big bash league season .
dianella is a suburb of perth , western australia .
the grevilleoideae grow as tree , shrub , or subshrub .
the high desert museum also presents the annual `` donald m. kerr award '' .
dehdez district ( ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in izeh county , khuzestan province , iran .
nmda receptor are also associated with synaptic plasticity .
this abscess develops after surgical operation like splenectomy .
talgar is located at the southern border of almaty region .
central china is now officially part of south central china governed by the people 's republic of china .
eve of the war is a six-track extended play from the australian progressive metal band , alchemist .
the brampton battalion was a junior ice hockey team in the ontario hockey league .
mzimba is a district in the northern region of malawi .
mill village is a borough in erie county , pennsylvania , united state .
dundrum is one of the busiest stop on the luas .
after a decade of military rule , east pakistan was a hotbed of bengali nationalism .
karaman province ( ) is a province of south-central turkey .
county route 508 also passes through orange .
michael salomon directed the song 's music video .
u.s. president john f. kennedy spoke here during his june 1963 visit to west berlin .
the deep river is a minor tributary of the english river .
penn national gaming acquired the argosy gaming company in october 2005 .
bogata ( ) is a city in red river county , texas , united state .
the result was a repeat landslide victory for indian national congress , and its ally all india anna dravida munnetra kazhagam , winning all 39 seat .
harmelen is a town in the dutch province of utrecht .
in modernism several current appear : parnasianism , symbolism , futurism , and creationism .
mangochi is a township in the southern region of malawi .
christian magnus falsen was born in christiania , now oslo , norway .
carl hester is the honorary patron of british dressage
wewoka is a city in seminole county , oklahoma , united state .
central high school stands roughly at the intersection of the federal hill , west end , and upper south providence neighborhood .
virgin samoa , formerly polynesian blue , was the flag carrier of samoa .
its namesake john of nepomuk is a national saint of the czech republic .
pleasant valley is an unincorporated community in springfield township , buck county , pennsylvania in the united state .
asharaja was the youngest son of the chahamana king jendraraja .
pfäffikon is a municipality in the canton of canton of zürich in switzerland .
lago del salto is a reservoir lake in the province of rieti , lazio , italy .
tony pulis won the premier league manager of the season award .
the rhode island naval militia is the currently inactive naval militia of rhode island .
mount davis ( ) is the highest point in pennsylvania .
townsend is a town in new castle county , delaware , united state .
gadolinium is produced both from monazite and bastnäsite .
the incus or anvil is a bone in the middle ear .
the cobb highway is part of a significant travelling stock route network in new south wale .
sebastopol ( or ) is a city in sonoma county , in california .
monroe county school district operates public school in key west .
stade michel d'ornano is a multi-use stadium in caen , france .
in the california state legislature , charter oak is in , and in .
jazz is an album by jazz artist wallace roney released in 2007 .
ascospore are produced within cylindrical ascus .
most forage fish are filter feeder .
welterweight is a weight class in combat sport .
the fostoria glass company was a manufacturer of pressed , blown and hand-molded glassware and tableware .
nasi lemak is considered as malaysia 's national dish .
issaquena county is located in the mississippi delta region .
eiksmarka is a station on the røa line of the oslo metro .
fairfield is a city in freestone county , texas , united state .
irwell vale railway station is between ramsbottom and rawtenstall .
liu bei focused on the fabian strategy from this point forward .
acid rain is the third compilation album by esham .
buxton has an opera house and theatre , museum and art gallery and poole 's cavern show cave .
mossy fiber are one of the major input to cerebellum .
during 2016 , red bull gmbh renewed their contract for a further two year for red bull racing .
kelp forest are a defining feature of the reef system .
tongwynlais lies in the river taff valley .
in september 2004 , air vanuatu again merged with vanair .
steve denton / kevin curren defeated wojciech fibak / heinz günthardt 7–5 , 6–2
the median empire and achaemenid empire both ruled part of central asia .
florence is an unincorporated community in california .
new hyde park is a long island rail road train station on the main line .
east lansdowne is a borough in delaware county , pennsylvania , united state .
the bishop of liverpool is the ordinary of the church of england anglican diocese of liverpool in the province of york .
many linux distribution define their own application menu for window maker .
tresivio borders the following municipality : montagna in valtellina , piateda , poggiridenti , ponte in valtellina .
like the apple ii , the apple ii plus has no lowercase functionality .
colazza borders the following municipality : ameno , armeno , invorio , meina , and pisano .
glen view is a high-density suburb in harare , zimbabwe .
renova is a town in bolivar county , mississippi , united state .
regal , as well as parlophone , became part of the warner music group in 2013 .
albion park rail is a suburb of city of shellharbour , australia situated in the macquarie valley ( shellharbour ) .
vitas gerulaitis defeated ivan lendl 4–6 , 6–1 , 6–3
tarantella exists now as a division of oracle corporation .
isleton is a city in sacramento county , california , united state .
champlain is a local municipality in the province of quebec , canada .
ballasalla grew up around nearby rushen abbey .
brigadier general clift andrus became commander of the 1st infantry division .
in 2006 , california governor arnold schwarzenegger inducted chavez into the california hall of fame .
victoria is a village in knox county , illinois , united state .
following the health and social care act 2012 , cambridgeshire and peterborough clinical commissioning group became the main commissioner of health service in the city .
the loudspeaker converts electrical signal into sound .
historically , sole custody was the most common form of child custody granted after divorce .
exeter is a city in exeter township , barry county , missouri , united state .
biscay is a city in mcleod county , minnesota , united state .
forestville receives city water from nearby harbor beach .
grant mcconachie way is a three-to-six lane expressway in richmond and vancouver , british columbia , canada .
hamid nasir chattha attended aitchison college in lahore .
michael stich defeated emilio sánchez 6–2 , 6–4
the moscow metro station lubyanka operates under lubyanka square .
jamaica is a town in windham county , vermont , united state .
hart 's location is a new england town in carroll county , new hampshire , united state .
all ceylon tamil congress ( ) , is the oldest tamil political party in sri lanka .
the san diego convention center is the primary convention center in san diego , california .
in adult , loneliness is a major precipitant of depression and alcoholism .
electrolysis then gives gallium metal .
divine madness has parallels in other religion , such as judaism and hinduism .
seomyeon is the crossroad of busan .
juan carlos navarro feijoo was born in sant feliu de llobregat , province of barcelona , spain .
as the song dynasty historian sima guang wrote in the `` zizhi tongjian '' :
the rio omerê indigenous territory is an indigenous territory for isolated indigenous people in rondônia , brazil .
in september 1155 , king henry ii of england held a council at winchester .
the torpedo bay navy museum is also located in devonport .
malakand division is an administrative division of the khyber pakhtunkhwa of pakistan .
mizoram is a region in india .
batchawana bay is a small bay in algoma district in northeastern ontario , canada .
champakulam is a village in kerala , india .
alton is a city in hidalgo county , texas , united state .
david arnold also composed the film score .
bad kissingen is a `` landkreis '' ( district ) in bavaria , germany .
the president of the european commission is the head of the european commission , the executive branch of the : european union .
king casimir iii the great , king kazimierz iv jagiellończyk and king władysław ii jagiełło were regular visitor to ropczyce .
in 1778 james cook followed the coast from oregon to the bering strait .
otsego is located at the confluence of the mississippi and crow river .
in 1882 , minnesela became the county seat of butte county .
bontnewydd is an unstaffed halt on the narrow gauge welsh highland railway .
caddo is a town in bryan county , oklahoma , united state .
as with other walt disney world theme park , disney 's animal kingdom has other location and cart that offer snack and beverage .
full-height pilaster divide the wall into four bay .
lake crystal is a lake in blue earth county , minnesota , in the united state .
crandola valsassina borders the following municipality : casargo , cortenova , margno , primaluna , taceno .
orrell is a ward of the metropolitan borough of wigan , greater manchester , england .
ribeirão grande is a municipality in the state of são paulo in brazil .
miller and partner laurie warder were semi-finalists at the 1985 australian open .
clay county lies on the south line of south dakota .
elkport is a city in clayton county , iowa , united state .
the khmer people 's national liberation front became the buddhist liberal democratic party .
the cbc and the national film board of canada appealed the decision to the supreme court of canada .
charlison benschop scored for fortuna düsseldorf .
the noxubee county library is located in macon .
weston is a town in windsor county , vermont , united state .
in 1802 , mühldorf became part of bavaria .
new york state route 474 pass through the town and intersects new york state route 76 in north clymer .
pen mar is an unincorporated community in washington county , maryland , and franklin county , pennsylvania , united state .
newaygo county is a county in the u.s. state of michigan .
south bethany is an incorporated town in sussex county , delaware , united state .
the london jazz festival is a music festival held every november .
arlington is a city in gilliam county , oregon , united state .
once again the east coast main line ran through copmanthorpe .
the university of sri lanka was a public university in sri lanka .
walluf is a river of hesse , germany .
the mountain plover is much quieter than its relative the killdeer .
staten island mall is a shopping mall in new springville , staten island , new york city .
jagúar then opened for james brown in reykjavík in august .
apiaí is a brazilian municipality of the state of são paulo .
nicolás pereira / david rikl defeated pablo campana / nicolás lapentti 6–3 , 7–6
narva bastion ( ) are bastion around narva , estonia .
as of the 2010 census , the population density was .
mephedrone is often consumed with alcohol .
chivington is an unincorporated community in kiowa county , colorado , united state .
ivan v. lalić finished high school in zagreb , where he studied law .
los angeles was separated from santa barbara administration .
the international hydrographic organization defines the limit of baffin bay as follows :
plumcreek township is a township in armstrong county , pennsylvania , united state .
kirkhaugh is in the parliamentary constituency of hexham .
the cabinet secretary for environment , climate change and land reform is a cabinet post in the scottish government .
rush creek is a tributary of big sandy creek in colorado .
the turkey national football team did not qualify for the 2010 fifa world cup after finishing third in their group .
huntsville is a city in madison county , arkansas , united state .
during the mexican war of independence , pátzcuaro was attacked several time .
illig qaghan was taken prisoner and sent to chang'an .
the specific name refers to antarctica .
the great western railway ( gwr ) 4200 class is a class of steam locomotive .
molineux 's one day international ( odi ) debut came on 18 october at kinrara academy oval .
trevor bayne slapped the outside wall after slight contact with ryan newman .
the car of tomorrow was first tested in december 2005 at atlanta motor speedway .
roundhill reservoir was built for harrogate corporation .
in 2012 , 53 fairfield area high school student took the sat .
oakville lies on lake ontario between toronto and hamilton .
wooloowin is a suburb in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
rohtak form a part of the national capital region .
bethany beach is an incorporated town in sussex county , delaware , united state .
talocalcaneal joint , is a joint of the foot .
colome is a city in tripp county , south dakota , united state .
the federal penitentiary service has its head office in yakimanka district .
telcom is headquartered in bakaara market , mogadishu .
the tremp formation provided many fossilized dinosaur egg .
coachford ( ) is a village in county cork , republic of ireland .
after that black beaver settled near fort arbuckle , in south-central indian territory .
at the same time gyurme namgyal went to lhasa .
airville is an unincorporated community in york county , pennsylvania , united state .
at that time , bridge street ran from george street to government house .
montebello is an unincorporated community in nelson county , virginia , united state .
stephen maguire won in the final 8–7 against ricky walden .
the center is a characteristic subgroup .
wolf creek is an unincorporated community in lewis and clark county , montana , united state .
the roeliff jansen kill is a major tributary to the hudson river .
killintown is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
budapest is the location of the headquarters of the hungarian football federation .
toone is a town in hardeman county , tennessee , united state .
the silver spring , ocala and gulf railroad also became part of the plant system .
pro rodeo canada also works with the american sanctioning organization , professional rodeo cowboys association .
earl of ilchester is a title in the peerage of great britain .
nevado de longaví was active during the holocene .
houlton is the county seat of aroostook county .
jaime fillol defeated željko franulović 4–6 , 6–4 , 7–6
amiodarone can be used in individual with hemodynamically stable ventricular tachycardia .
stanley is surrounded by the sawtooth national recreation area .
the 1977 giro d'italia was the 60th edition of the giro d'italia , one of cycling 's grand tour .
bilaspur is a district of himachal pradesh , india .
port allegany is a borough in mckean county , pennsylvania , united state .
the 2006 winter olympics were part of the biathlon world cup .
active volcanism occurs where the nazca plate subducts beneath the south american plate .
two other american diplomatic mission are located in rome .
admiral is a four-star naval flag officer rank in the indian navy .
zina garrison and eva pfaff won in the final 4–6 , 6–2 , 7–6 against katrina adam and penny barg .
lithuanian national opera and ballet theatre ( lnobt ) ( ) is an opera house and ballet theatre in vilnius , lithuania .
shrewsbury township is a township in york county , pennsylvania , united state .
punta galea was also a pop group from getxo .
in photosystem ii , pheophytin plays a very similar role .
in 1897 burtscheid became part of the city of aachen .
proserpine received , st lawrence and mackay .
capitol square is the 13th tallest building in columbus .
the stone age developed into the bronze age after the neolithic revolution .
montalto ligure bordered the following municipality : badalucco , carpasio , dolcedo , molini di triora , and prelà .
palladium ( ii ) iodide is an inorganic compound of palladium and iodine .
the kingdom of hungary was then part of the austrian empire .
kiron is a city in crawford county , iowa , united state .
an acentric fragment is a segment of a chromosome that lacks a centromere .
interlingua has no grammatical gender .
tambaku paan is a type of paan with tobacco .
zala was part of former zala ubamale woreda .
their son harsh mankad is an indian davis cup player .
dunellen is a borough in middlesex county , new jersey , united state .
probenecid also facilitates uric acid secretion .
in 1642 , the battle of powick bridge was the first major skirmish of the english civil war .
khuraman gasimova ( ) is an opera singer and actress from azerbaijan .
mexico is panama 's third biggest trading partner in central america .
lisle township is one of nine township in dupage county , illinois , usa .
private and kerala state road transport corporation bus service are available from thiruvananthapuram central bus station at thampanoor and from east fort .
martina navratilova and pam shriver defeated kathy jordan and anne smith , 6–4 , 6–3
saavedra ( ) is a commune of chile in cautín province , araucanía region .
woodstown is a borough in salem county , new jersey , united state .
old english , old frisian and ( to a lesser degree ) old saxon share the application of the ingvaeonic nasal spirant law .
in the community of lakeport , m-25 pass through lakeport state park .
westfield is a town in orleans county , vermont united state .
bradshaw is a village in york county , nebraska , united state .
the 2017–18 philippine basketball association ( pba ) pba philippine cup was the first conference of the 2017–18 pba season .
the american revolutionary war officially ended with the 1783 treaty of paris .
when cao cao asked his adviser for input , sima yi and jiang ji strongly opposed .
the river is a left tributary of the mattagami river .
cecil is a village in shawano county , wisconsin , united state .
the co-educational fort street high school is now located in petersham , new south wale .
upton is a village in south-west warwickshire , england .
ketamine potentiates the sedative effect of propofol and midazolam .
their hungarian conquest of the carpathian basin is the principal subject of the `` gesta hungarorum '' .
anil kumble is a former test and one day international ( odi ) cricketer who represented india .
reuven rivlin has been serving as the tenth and current president of israel since 2014 .
the larva feed on `` solanum '' specie .
ayala center cebu is a shopping mall at the cebu business park .
teynampet is along anna salai , the arterial road of chennai .
like saudi arabia , kosovo has a mainly muslim population .
south lamar is served by the austin independent school district :
meki catholic school is a school in meki , ethiopia .
venango township is a township in butler county , pennsylvania , united state .
the parliament of georgia is headquartered in tbilisi , the capital of georgia .
bbc scotland is a division of the bbc and the main public broadcaster in scotland .
iowa highway 5 is a highway in southern iowa .
pinto is a chilean town and commune in diguillín province , ñuble region .
2008–09 taça de portugal was the 86th season of portuguese association football knockout tournament .
newark is a village in kendall county , illinois , united state .
the protein possesses tyrosine kinase activity .
aglona municipality ( ) is a municipality in latgale , latvia .
spacex dragon was an example of space capsule with parachute reusability .
as jean dupuis was detained , francis garnier returned to cochinchina .
corn kernel are the fruit of maize .
radioisotope thermoelectric generator use the heat of radioactive decay to produce electricity .
wandilo is a settlement in the australian state of south australia .
utakarra is an eastern suburb of geraldton , western australia .
calamine is a historic name for an ore of zinc .
the volcano is made of andesite .
conditional probability may be treated as a special case of conditional expectation .
it is found in angola , the democratic republic of the congo and zambia .
f. scott fitzgerald described quadrangle club in `` this side of paradise '' as `` literary quadrangle . ''
rönninge is a residential area in salem municipality , stockholm county , sweden .
burnie was the terminus of the former emu bay railway company operation .
the refractive index of glass is a function of wavelength and temperature .
goguryeo falls with the death of yeon gaesomun and yang manchun .
amacuzac is a city in the mexican state of morelos .
jagdalpur is a city in bastar district in the indian state of chhattisgarh .
trappe is a borough in montgomery county , pennsylvania , united state .
the p versus np problem is an unsolved problem in computer science and mathematics .
taiwan external trade development council also has office in toronto and vancouver .
tropolone is a grape polyphenol oxidase enzyme inhibitor .
respiratory pigment is also dissolved in the blood plasma .
philidris is a genus of ant in the subfamily dolichoderinae .
santo cristo is a neighborhood in rio de janeiro , brazil .
port sunlight is a model village in metropolitan borough of wirral , merseyside , england .
via florida state road 50 , weeki wachee was west of brooksville , the hernando county seat .
estadio luis aparicio el grande is a multi-use stadium in maracaibo , venezuela .
the grand bahama football league was the highest form of association football on the bahamian island of grand bahama .
among other responsibility , the governor of north carolina heads the north carolina council of state .
dhaalu atoll hospital is located in the island of kudahuvadhoo .
val d'hérens is an alpine valley in the valais canton of switzerland .
the river emajõgi flows from lake võrtsjärv to lake peipus .
strasbourg and brussels both host the office of the european ombudsman .
bustuchin is a commune in gorj county , oltenia , romania .
wau county was home to the state 's capital , wau .
papakura is a suburb of auckland , in northern new zealand .
gawler east is a northern suburb of adelaide , south australia in the town of gawler .
the 133rd infantry regiment is an infantry regiment in the iowa army national guard .
swatara township is a township in dauphin county , pennsylvania , united state .
the dragon king gets his order from the jade emperor .
there , meritaten is explicitly listed as great royal wife .
bushy park is a large , , suburban public park in terenure , dublin , republic of ireland .
camporotondo di fiastrone border the following municipality : belforte del chienti , caldarola , cessapalombo , san ginesio , tolentino .
chronic laxative abuse or severe diarrhea or vomiting can lead to dehydration and electrolyte imbalance .
åsa svensson / meilen tu defeated maria sharapova / vera zvonareva 6–4 , 7–6
jacco eltingh / paul haarhuis defeated todd woodbridge / mark woodforde 6–3 , 7–6
kinlochbervie camanachd club now compete at junior level against team from across the highland .
manor is a borough in westmoreland county , pennsylvania , united state .
samkhya is also the basis for the yoga school .
king amanullah khan institutionalized the jirga .
wartime sexual violence may also include gang rape and rape with object .
oroville is the county seat of butte county , california , united state .
windsor is part of the royal borough of windsor and maidenhead which is administered by an elected unitary authority .
imperium is a 2006 novel by english author robert harris .
the south end is a neighborhood of boston , massachusetts .
refraction is another kind of sound wave bending .
mcclusky is a city in sheridan county , north dakota , united state .
georgetown is located in eastern copiah county at .
conway lies fully within the saco river watershed .
corumbá de goiás is a municipality in central goiás state , brazil .
bailieborough or bailieboro ( ; ) is a town in county cavan , republic of ireland .
mario arrives at peach 's castle , along with luigi and wario .
in the california state legislature , amador city is in , and in .
south sinai governorate ( `` '' ) is the least populated governorate of egypt .
uruguay competed at the 1976 summer olympics in montreal , quebec , canada .
former great britain player des foy played for ireland .
norway competed at the 1988 summer paralympics in seoul , south korea .
santa fe trails is the local transit agency in santa fe , new mexico .
this specialist british army unit provides artillery support to 3 commando brigade of the royal marine .
lisselton ( ) is a village in county kerry , republic of ireland .
red tornado meanwhile later rejoins the justice league .
south brook begins in a wetland in ross township , luzerne county .
kaukapakapa is a town in the north island of new zealand .
the city university of new york has its administrative office in yorkville .
lake villa is a village in lake county , illinois united state .
the river sowe and river sherbourne both flow through coventry .
the hospital is currently a teaching affiliate of boston university school of medicine and university of new england college of osteopathic medicine .
lingeer ndoye demba was the maternal granddaughter of lingeer fatim beye .
meppen is an unincorporated community in calhoun county , illinois , united state .
palestro is a town and `` comune '' in the province of pavia .
andy murray was the defending champion , but lost to mardy fish in the second round .
sainik school punglwa is boys ' school in peren , nagaland , india .
wesley church is on the corner of william street and hay street .
lizard creek joins the lehigh river near the borough of bowmanstown .
little toby creek is a tributary of the clarion river in northwest pennsylvania in the united state .
princess tsehai married lt. general abiye abebe .
carrigtwohill railway station serves the town of carrigtwohill in county cork .
northwestern michigan college ( nmc ) is a public community college in traverse city , michigan .
the tennessee river was a critical transportation corridor for the south during the american civil war .
macduff swears revenge and joins force with malcolm to overthrow macbeth .
zooropa is the eighth studio album by irish rock band u2 .
craig kopczak was born in bradford , west yorkshire , england .
ash hollow state historical park is located south of lewellen in garden county , nebraska .
end post and tension member are constructed of wrought iron .
mayodan is a town in rockingham county , north carolina , in the united state .
it is found in cameroon and são tomé and príncipe ( both são tomé island and príncipe ) .
the custom house ( ) is an eight story building on the bund , shanghai .
hoyleton is a village in washington county , illinois , united state .
a calendar is a system of organizing day .
before the conquest of mecca his father uthman abu quhafa converted to islam .
american samoa is home to the national park of american samoa .
the castello sforzesco is in milan , northern italy .
heinz günthardt defeated gene mayer 6–2 , 6–4
croatia proper roughly corresponds to the area of zagreb and ten croatian county : bjelovar-bilogora , karlovac , koprivnica-križevci , krapina-zagorje , lika-senj , međimurje , primorje-gorski kotar , sisak-moslavina , varaždin , and zagreb county .
pike township is part of the metropolitan school district of warren county .
the application binary interface refers to the compiled binary , in machine code .
united state secretary of war edwin stanton replaced burbridge with major general john palmer .
in 1966 , tividale became part of the county borough of warley .
new zealand lost the sole test match 13–16 .
nureyev was a son of breed-shaping sire northern dancer .
in the liver , gluconeogenesis occurs .
javascript supports the following binary assignment operator :
fc barcelona won this game 4–0 with two goal from joan gamper .
failure to thrive and cachexia are later sign of a t-cell deficiency .
`` the landlady '' is a short horror story by roald dahl .
domagnano is a municipality in san marino .
lake view terrace was a part of the rancho tujunga mexican land grant community .
fu gongshi was from qi province ( 齊州 , roughly modern jinan , shandong ) .
pine creek joins huntington creek of its mouth .
roberto alomar was at third base with john olerud batting .
hair of the dog brewing company is a brewery in portland , oregon .
clyde park is a town in park county , montana , united state .
847 agnia is a minor planet orbiting the sun .
corozal town is a town in belize , capital of corozal district .
beaver township is a township in jefferson county , pennsylvania , united state .
hasan buzurg then installed his claimant in tabriz .
sodastream employed 500 west bank palestinian .
lake james state park is a north carolina state park in burke and mcdowell county , north carolina in the united state .
hendrik van brederode was born at brussels .
francavilla fontana is a railway station in francavilla fontana , italy .
thor and loki go to freyja .
palmdale is the 35th most populous city in california .
amino ester are a class of local anesthetic .
lumberton is the home of village creek state park .
`` the proud family '' aired on the family channel in canada .
cache county lies on the north edge of utah .
kerry 's eye is a weekly local newspaper in county kerry , ireland .
gurkha are from nepal .
american black bear also fish the salmon .
linnanmäki is the most popular amusement park in finland .
diamond 's was converted to dillard 's in 1984 .
cerreto d'asti borders the following municipality : capriglio , passerano marmorito , and piovà massaia .
amblecote is an urban village in the metropolitan borough of dudley in the west midlands , england .
its protein harbours all essential amino acid .
pms1 and pms2 compete for interaction with mlh1 .
m-82 now ran from hesperia to newaygo only .
welgesheim lies in rhenish hesse between mainz and bad kreuznach .
plainfield township is a township in northampton county , pennsylvania , united state .
mustang heart is the fourth studio album by canadian country music artist george fox .
morocco is a member of the organisation internationale de la francophonie .
the london county council built the kenmore park london county council cottage estate between the war .
spofford is a city in kinney county , texas , united state .
chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh also produce tussar silk .
yukon is a city in eastern canadian county , oklahoma , united state .
strabane cricket club and fox lodge cricket club are member of the north west senior league .
hillsville is a town in carroll county , virginia , united state .
anderson university is a private university in anderson , south carolina .
modern apizza is an american pizza restaurant in new haven , connecticut .
caswell is a town in forest county , wisconsin , united state .
tianjin modern city office tower is a supertall skyscraper in tianjin , china .
in the shuswap language , williams lake is t'exelc .
taï department is the most recently created department in ivory coast .
the east branch lackawanna river joins the lackawanna river upriver of its mouth .
plutonium-238 was the first isotope of plutonium to be discovered .
promoter sequence vary between bacteria and eukaryote .
pakistan competed at the 2004 summer paralympics in athens , greece .
williamsport is a town in washington county , maryland , united state .
the amaná national forest is in the amazon biome .
the west main district is one of the five district of downtown louisville , kentucky .
xuanzang also promoted devotional meditative practice toward maitreya .
`` big monday '' was the first weekly presentation of college basketball on espn .
frye island is a new england town in cumberland county , maine , united state .
topusko is a municipality in sisak-moslavina county , croatia .
harford county is a county in the u.s. state of maryland .
the delaware department of correction is a state agency of delaware that manages state prison .
hinderwell is a village and civil parish in the scarborough
grange is a northern suburb in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
cosmic ray cause most soft error in dram .
greenford urban district was an urban district of middlesex , england from 1894 to 1926 .
boone county is part of the harrison , ar micropolitan statistical area .
the 97th deccan infantry was an infantry regiment of the british indian army .
george w. bush will be buried at the george w. bush presidential center in dallas .
the directorate general of civil aviation has its headquarters in providencia .
cove is a city in union county , oregon , united state .
smithville is a town in monroe county , mississippi .
wennington is a civil parish in city of lancaster , lancashire , england .
harestua is a town in lunner kommune , viken county , norway .
shell lake is a city in washburn county , wisconsin , united state .
tioga is in the southern tier district of new york .
tactile sensor have been developed for use with robot .
asokore is a small town in the ashanti region of ghana .
cesàro 's teacher , eugène charles catalan , also disparaged divergent series .
springfield township is a township in burlington county , new jersey , united state .
lahore city cricket association ground will host 14 twenty20 cricket match .
in wuhan , the people 's liberation army ground force takes over medical supply delivery .
at that time , both nidderdale and bradford were in the west riding of yorkshire .
intuitionistic logic is a subsystem of classical logic .
ayurveda , unani medicine , and homeopathy are popular type of alternative medicine .
new mexico bike route 1 follows reinken avenue through belen .
`` shape of you '' is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .
prion are infectious form of protein .
740–744 jackson place is home to the white house historical association .
u.s. president george w. bush also appealed directly to russian president vladimir putin for action .
hanwood is a large village in shropshire , england .
iguaçu national park ( ) is a national park in paraná state , brazil .
the agulhas return current ( arc ) is an ocean current in the south indian ocean .
verkhnetoyemsky district remained in arkhangelsk oblast ever since .
catshuis lies in the hague on the road to scheveningen .
the dallas police department provides most policing in dallas .
livy wijemanne was a pioneer of radio ceylon .
agnieszka radwańska was the defending champion , but lost to li na in the quarterfinal .
islam arose within the context of late antiquity .
between 2002 and 2007 manawatu rugby league fielded a side in the national bartercard cup .
bishop international airport is adjacent to and occupies a portion of flint township .
the malaysia cup is an annual soccer tournament in malaysia .
`` the legend of zelda '' was a critical and commercial success for nintendo .
tingvoll is a municipality in møre og romsdal county , norway .
saturday league cricket is the most serious format of club cricket .
isabella is located within the superior national forest .
prince george 's county memorial library system operates the new carrollton library .
mount rainier is an active volcano in washington .
sunset state beach is a park and beach on monterey bay , in santa cruz county , california .
wright county public health & hospice is another healthcare provider in clarion .
grace dieu manor was a private house then a preparatory school , grace dieu manor school .
pontotoc county is part of the tupelo , ms micropolitan statistical area .
helsinki airport station is on the ring rail line , located between the station of aviapolis and leinelä .
the orneau ( ) is a river in belgium .
on june 12 , 2011 , danzig played at the nova rock festival .
satyr attended dionysus .
thatta was once the capital city of sindh in turkhan and mughal empire .
a seaside rendezvous was a 2009 pair of concert by english alternative rock band muse .
the kapiskau river flows to james bay .
the michigan terminal system ( mt ) is one of the first time-sharing computer operating system .
any such line bundle determines `` y '' by the proj construction :
in human anatomy , the superficial temporal artery is a major artery of the head .
sherwood is a city in pulaski county , arkansas , united state .
yellow creek flow through yellow creek state park before joining two lick creek at homer city .
potwin is a city in butler county , kansa , united state .
the point at infinity is added to all the line .
sweet potato and cocoyam are also important in the ghanaian diet and cuisine .
rushmore is a town in noble county , minnesota , united state .
st cross road is a road in oxford , england .
wentworth is a town in grafton county , new hampshire , united state .
openbsd supports pandaboard .
east windsor township is a township in mercer county , new jersey , united state .
pembina river provincial park is a provincial park in central alberta , canada .
the hannut formation correlates with part of the landen formation in the netherlands .
aluminium hydride even reduces carbon dioxide to methane under heating :
karna joined the duryodhana 's side in the kurukshetra war .
duarte nuno was grand master of the order of the immaculate conception of vila viçosa and sovereign of the order of saint isabel .
the supreme court currently consists of a chief justice and two associate justice .
peter singer provides the following justification of sentiocentrism :
braeswood place is a group of subdivision in harris county , texas , united state .
many black loyalist migrated to nova scotia and later to sierra leone .
chongshin university is a christian university in seoul , south korea .
the 2015–16 croatian football cup was the twenty-fifth season of croatia 's association football knockout competition .
warton is a village on the fylde in lancashire , england .
the albert r. broccoli 007 stage is one of the largest sound stage in the world .
since february 2012 , alexander ipatov has represented the turkish chess federation .
according to the talmud , psalm 2 is a continuation of psalm 1 .
the 2009–10 top league was the seventh season of japan 's domestic rugby union competition , the top league .
35 purulia ( lok sabha constituency ) are in purulia district .
zanoah ( ) is a moshav in central israel .
john mcenroe / ferdi taygan defeated bob lutz / stan smith 7–6 , 6–3
zarautz is the birthplace of the basque weightlifting federation as well as the gipuzkoa weightlifting federation .
the bang khun phrom palace ( ) is a former royal residence in bangkok , thailand .
the mannheim school included johann stamitz .
lida was connected with vilnius , navahrudak and minsk .
rubbestadneset is a village in bømlo municipality in vestland county , norway .
ronnie o'sullivan won in the final 7–0 against jimmy white .
the andhra pradesh state road transport corporation operates bus service from narasapuram bus station .
beit hillel ( ) is a moshav in northern israel .
bridgewater is a borough in beaver county , pennsylvania , united state .
her husband , sadashivrao bhau died in the third battle of panipat .
the basic word order of neverver is svo , including intransitive , transitive , and ditransitive verb .
vișani is a commune in brăila county , muntenia , romania .
luzira is a suburb of kampala , the capital of uganda .
lissie is an unincorporated community in wharton county , texas , united state .
clonkill is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
shek pik reservoir is the third largest freshwater reservoir in hong kong .
mestranol is a prodrug of ethinylestradiol in the body .
king city is a city in washington county , oregon , united state .
sankertown is a borough in cambria county , pennsylvania , united state .
plasma cloud lose energy through thermal conduction and radiation .
hanam ( ) is a city in gyeonggi province , south korea .
with over 2,500 seat , the capitol theatre is the largest theatre in west virginia .
the nearest mass rapid transit station is tiong bahru mrt station of the east west line .
kolathur is a northwestern neighborhood in chennai , india .
rototuna is a suburb in northern hamilton , new zealand , east of flagstaff .
female `` myrmeconema neotropicum '' mature within the gaster of the host ant .
edmund richardson was interred at greenwood cemetery in jackson .
glenmont is a village in holmes county , ohio , united state .
oakthorpe is a village in north-west leicestershire , england .
the bexar county courthouse is a historic building in downtown san antonio , texas , usa .
james sempill of beltrees reported her conversation to robert cecil .
clapton is a district of east london , england , in the london borough of hackney .
malt liquor is a high-abv pale lager .
little river bay is an arm of the strait of georgia .
the aksu canyon is a notable feature in the northwestern tian shan .
fragile x syndrome is the most common inherited form of intellectual disability .
belgium competed at the 1992 summer olympics in barcelona , spain .
the illinois fighting illini play on campus at historic 2,000-seat university of illinois ice arena .
certain liquid crystal go through plastic crystal phase before melting .
plainville is a city in rooks county , kansa , united state .
backström made his swedish hockey league debut playing with örebro hk during the 2013–14 shl season .
wayang golek puppetry is the most popular wayang performance for sundanese people .
az psw biała podlaska is a association football ( soccer ) club from biała podlaska , poland .
kalapatti is a neighborhood of coimbatore city in tamil nadu , india .
goltry is a town in alfalfa county , oklahoma , united state .
montebello is an unincorporated community in nelson county , virginia , united state .
daytona international speedway is a race track in daytona beach , florida , united state .
myrtle creek is a city in douglas county , oregon , united state .
bolsa chica state beach is a public ocean beach in orange county , california , united state .
the caliphate was thus one of the earliest welfare state , particularly the abbasid caliphate .
sexual harassment by an employer is a form of illegal employment discrimination .
great sandy national park is a coastal national park in the fraser coast region , queensland , australia .
lleyton hewitt defeated michel kratochvil 6–4 , 6–2
corson inlet separates peck beach from ludlam island in cape may county .
the evolution of sexual reproduction may be a primordial and fundamental characteristic of eukaryote .
blackbird hundred is an unincorporated subdivision of new castle county , delaware .
new jersey route 21 is across the passaic river in neighboring nutley and clifton .
surasu was a malayalam–language playwright and actor from kerala , india .
orion is a village in henry county , illinois , united state .
pendleton county is in the harrisonburg , virginia medium market .
nut vary in the amount of tannin they contain .
south east derbyshire was a parliamentary constituency in derbyshire .
jay is inside the adirondack park .
ravi coltrane is the son of saxophonist john coltrane and jazz harpist alice coltrane .
the lockyer valley region council provide public library in gatton and laidley .
her brother , j. b. pritzker , is the governor of illinois .
middle east is a neighborhood in the heart of east baltimore , maryland .
south park is in houston city council district d .
mastic beach is served by the william floyd school district .
haeundae district ( ) is a district ( `` gu '' ) of busan , south korea .
evergreen valley college is located near the eastern edge of evergreen .
banksia rosserae is a recently described specie of `` banksia '' .
the oregon coast national wildlife refuge complex consists of six national wildlife refuge along the oregon coast .
nominalism denies the existence of universal .
thallon is a town and a locality in the shire of balonne , queensland , australia .
vitamin a is obtained from liver .
incumbent jim matheson ( d ) was reelected in utah 's 2nd congressional district .
the art of loss is the sixth studio album of californian progressive metal band redemption .
justin is within the northwest independent school district .
jammu and kashmir police comes under direct control of ministry of home affair , government of india .
soldier is the fourth studio album by american rock singer iggy pop .
khlystov made his kontinental hockey league debut playing with traktor chelyabinsk during the 2013–14 khl season .
waltham is a large village and civil parish in north east lincolnshire , england .
spanish lookout is a settlement in the cayo district of belize in central america .
the music video premiered on february 15 , 2011 via myspace .
marshall is a town in madison county , north carolina , united state .
in greek mythology , medus was the son of medea .
atlanta biologicals is located in lawrenceville .
jimma horo was one of the 180 woredas in the oromia region of ethiopia .
wenona girl was later inducted into australian racing hall of fame .
marin čilić was the defending champion , but lost in the semifinal to juan martín del potro .
camp san luis obispo is the original home of the california army national guard .
novak djokovic defeated nicolás massú 7–6 , 6–4
bronco is a mexican grupero band from apodaca , nuevo león .
london city airport is an international airport in london , england .
( andhra pradesh ) ) is a leader of communist party of india from andhra pradesh .
mnm lost the match and the championship to heidenreich and animal at the great american bash .
german individualist philosopher max stirner and friedrich nietzsche were influential in french individualist anarchism .
tern are in the family laridae along with gull and skimmer .
egypt is a town in craighead county , arkansas , united state .
cicero township is one of 29 township in cook county , illinois , usa .
the monk appealed to pope innocent iii , the new pope .
york college of pennsylvania is a private college in spring garden township , pennsylvania .
in the california state legislature , cameron park is in , and .
yiddish writing uses the hebrew alphabet .
harpoon is a song by australian alternative rock band jebediah .
chesterfield county was formed in 1749 from part of henrico county .
garryowen is a neighbourhood in limerick , republic of ireland .
essex is a village in kankakee county , illinois , united state .
argegno borders the following municipality : brienno , colonno , dizzasco , lezzeno , nesso , pigra , schignano .
barbara schett was the defending champion but lost in the quarterfinal to emmanuelle gagliardi .
lunarstorm existed in sweden , the united kingdom and denmark .
the port authority of new york and new jersey manages the port newark-elizabeth marine terminal , the principal container ship facility in the port of new york and new jersey .
manila is located on the eastern shore of manila bay .
rear admiral jesse b. oldendorf deployed his force across the northern end of surigao strait .
south phoenix is a region of phoenix , arizona .
warsaw is a city in hancock county , illinois , united state .
the 2012–13 basketball league of serbia season is the 7th season of the basketball league of serbia , the highest professional basketball league in serbia .
cruseman made his swedish hockey league debut playing with karlskrona hk during the 2013–14 shl season .
terry township is a township in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
chester township is a township in morris county , new jersey , united state .
kaesong is a major destination for foreign visitor to north korea .
sambalpur university is located at burla town , odisha .
ventura is a city in cerro gordo county , iowa , united state .
the platte river flows eastward along the south line of platte county .
dover is home to the child 's museum of new hampshire and the renowned woodman institute museum .
guelph general hospital is a medical care facility in guelph , ontario , canada .
rauna ( ) is a village in vidzeme , latvia .
temple bar was the principal ceremonial entrance to the city of london from the city of westminster .
hamlin is a town in aroostook county , maine , united state .
morpheus was once a human living inside the matrix until he was freed .
kandiyohi county road 1 also passes through prinsburg .
the kargil war resulted in a major diplomatic victory for india .
partridge township is located in woodford county , illinois .
the strait of messina separate it from the island of sicily .
the historic narrow-gauge nevada central railroad line ran from battle mountain to austin , but has long been defunct .
republican city is a village in harlan county , nebraska , united state .
the auckland harbour bridge is an eight-lane motorway bridge over the waitematā harbour in auckland .
star of danger is a science fantasy novel by american writer marion zimmer bradley , part of her darkover series .
tunworth is a hamlet and civil parish in hampshire .
cokato township is a township in wright county , minnesota , united state .
konami is headquartered in tokyo .
asuogyaman district is one of the thirty-three district in eastern region , ghana .
henry viii wanted a divorce from the emperor 's aunt , catherine of aragon .
lugnagullagh is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
seongnam is a satellite city of seoul .
soot is a powder-like form of amorphous carbon .
instead vardar macedonia was part of the ottoman province or eyalet of rumelia .
the pharmaceutical corporation eli lilly and company gave thiomersal the trade name merthiolate .
harpster is a village in wyandot county , ohio , united state .
noxubee county high school is the only public secondary school in noxubee county , mississippi .
administratively calbuco belongs to the llanquihue province of los lagos region .
shannon is a town in lee county , mississippi .
bankot is a town in maharashtra , india .
near besigheim the enz feeds into the neckar .
barnum township is a township in carlton county , minnesota , united state .
the wankhede stadium is a cricket stadium in mumbai , india .
the delaware aqueduct is an aqueduct in the new york city water supply system .
urambo district is one of the seven district of the tabora region of tanzania .
martina navratilova defeated mima jaušovec 6–3 , 6–2
copyright infringement in civil law is any violation of the exclusive right of the owner .
west hanover township is a township in dauphin county , pennsylvania , united state .
wreck island is a small coral cay .
lakeside is a provincial electoral division in manitoba , canada .
gujarat parivartan party was a political party from gujarat , india .
paddy , wheat and barley are the important crop of thul .
the national party narrowly lost the election to the colorado party .
during the war of the first coalition , the house of arenberg lost its territory on the left bank of the rhine .
amylose is a much smaller molecule than amylopectin .
ambrose studied theology with simplician , a presbyter of rome .
the d'aguilar range is a mountain range near brisbane , queensland , australia .
black jack is a rural locality in the charter tower region , queensland , australia .
south karelia ( ; ) is a region of finland .
colovaginal fistula occur between the colon and the vagina .
ferrous metallurgy is the metallurgy of iron and alloy .
jabalpur division is an administrative geographical unit of madhya pradesh state of india .
al-nurayn mosque ( ) is a modern mosque in qusra , west bank , state of palestine .
people 's republic of bulgaria competed at the 1984 winter olympics in sarajevo , socialist federal republic of yugoslavia .
eusebius prevailed and eustathius was deposed at a synod in antioch .
hidegkuti nándor stadion was a stadium in budapest , hungary .
yazoo city is a u.s. city in yazoo county , mississippi .
it is found in bosnia and herzegovina , the baltic region and russia .
solidarity lending is widespread in microfinance today , particularly in asia .
the ionosphere almost coincides with the thermosphere .
whiteflat is a ghost town in motley county , texas , united state .
the final saw that fuerza guerrera making heavy metal submit .
neutron are produced copiously in nuclear fission and nuclear fusion .
kallang tennis centre is a tennis court in kallang , singapore .
man is a town in logan county , west virginia , united state .
formamide is used in the industrial production of hydrogen cyanide .
the bund and lujiazui are located along the huangpu river .
porthmadog urban district was an urban district of caernarfonshire , wale .
vfb stuttgart had an average season in its first season under felix magath .
in 2018 , imran khan became prime minister of pakistan .
bradner stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in olean , new york .
some traditional cognitive behavioral therapy method were based in classical conditioning .
marietta is served by the pewitt consolidated independent school district .
inderøy is a municipality in trøndelag county , norway .
the apocryphal `` life of adam and eve '' tell of eve having a dream in which cain drank his brother 's blood .
the south australian heritage register is a statutory register of historic place in south australia .
dresden later evolved into the capital of saxony .
the south yorkshire passenger transport executive is the passenger transport executive for south yorkshire in england .
tremonti is a founding member of the american hard rock band creed .
ganglion cyst are not limited to the hand and foot .
rostrevor is a village and townland in county down , northern ireland .
douglas is a former township in the canadian province of nova scotia .
oakland city is headquarters of the east gibson school corporation .
sackville is a town in southeastern new brunswick , canada .
the appalachian trail pass south to east through the town from hartford to hanover , new hampshire .
after his regeneration , the sixth doctor starts behaving erratically .
jane franklin hall has three common room :
the original rato dratsang exists in tibet .
moderna museet malmö is a museum of modern and contemporary art located in malmö , sweden .
dawson county is part of the lexington , ne micropolitan statistical area .
sweden also relied on war subsidy from its ally france .
schuyler county was formed in 1825 out of pike and fulton county .
mhc class i protein display these peptide to the immune system .
the niccoline chapel ( ) is a chapel in the apostolic palace in vatican city .
grange is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
sveti nikole municipality is part of the vardar statistical region .
the university of medicine and dentistry of new jersey ( umdnj ) was a state-run health science institution of new jersey , united state .
sergeant ( sgt ) is a rank in both the australian army and the royal australian air force .
fingal ( ; ) is a county in republic of ireland .
in 1969 , marvin mandel became the first jewish governor of maryland .
the saint kevin 's way ( ) is a pilgrim path in county wicklow , republic of ireland .
aldingen belongs to the amt spaichingen .
once again casey stoner joined with nicky hayden for the season .
south hackensack is a township in bergen county , new jersey , united state .
the dilazak originally dwelled in eastern afghanistan .
penygraig is within the historic county boundary of glamorgan .
three houston public library location are in east end houston .
the squadron initially flew north american f-86 sabre fighter , but soon converted to the north american f-100 super sabre .
east vincent township is a township in chester county , pennsylvania , united state .
at this time , bongouanou department became part of n'zi region in lacs district .
warmsworth and new edlington church lies on the border of edlington and warmsworth .
mccredie township is one of eighteen township in callaway county , missouri , usa .
strontium sulfate ( srso ) is the sulfate salt of strontium .
smithfield was a village in smithfield township , jefferson county , ohio , united state .
armed force loyal to exiled president abdrabbuh mansur hadi captured ataq from the southern transitional council in august 2019 .
shenyang is the railway hub of northeast china .
to the east is tunney 's pasture and to the west is island park drive .
these amplifier were under the epiphone electar brand .
tifton is a city in tift county , georgia , united state .
national highway 23 ( nh 23 ) is a primary national highway in india .
malviya nagar is a locality in south delhi .
jangpura is a delhi metro station in delhi .
spherical trigonometry differs from ordinary trigonometry in many respect .
fredonia is a city in louisa county , iowa , united state .
abd al-aziz fawzan al-fawzan ( arabic : فوزان، عبد العزيز بن فوزان بن صالح ) is an islamic scholar and author in saudi arabia .
the diocese is a suffragan of the roman catholic archdiocese of san fernando in pampanga .
captiva was the full-time home of artist robert rauschenberg .
waterford is a small riverside suburb of perth , the state capital of western australia .
the tanakh ( old testament ) laid the foundation for both christianity and islam .
the texas legislature established the downtown houston management district in 1995 .
index is a town in snohomish county , washington , united state .
chrysler discontinued the eagle brand after the 1998 model year .
bbc north ( group ) is an operational business division of the bbc .
steffi graf defeated conchita martínez 7–6 , 7–6
the diocese of algoma is a diocese of the ecclesiastical province of ontario of the anglican church of canada .
shirin later converted to the syriac orthodox church under gabriel 's influence .
ashurnasirpal ii was succeeded by shalmaneser iii .
guan zhong started multiple reform in the state of qi .
ulster senior league team also compete in the fai cup and the fai intermediate cup .
indiana state university ( isu ) is a public university in terre haute , indiana .
arakkonam is a lok sabha ( parliament of india ) constituency in tamil nadu .
jat people also serve in the pakistan army especially in the punjab regiment .
the aveyron flows into the loing at montbouy .
interstate 40 lead southeast to little rock and west to fort smith .
la palma received immigrant from castile , majorca , andalusia , portugal and catalonia .
nasa ames now operates the facility as moffett federal airfield .
the florida east coast railway later acquired the branch from enterprise to titusville in 1902 .
visvesvaraya national institute of technology , located in the city , is the only nit in maharashtra .
moto2 champion marc márquez joined the motogp grid with repsol honda .
the community is located along the mackenzie river and the mackenzie highway ends at wrigley .
castelnuovo magra borders the following municipality : fosdinovo , ortonovo , sarzana .
greek national road 22 is a national highway of greece .
bardwell road is a road in north oxford , england , off the banbury road .
the developing male germ cell do not complete cytokinesis during spermatogenesis .
isoelectric focusing is the separation of protein , organelle , and cell with different isoelectric point .
farmington is a town in washington county , wisconsin , united state .
greenwood township is a township in crawford county , pennsylvania , united state .
muzaffar shah iii was taken prisoner to agra .
in 1984 , the isang yun music institute opened in pyongyang , north korea .
khandesh was a district in the bombay presidency .
between 1173 and 1186 , muhammad of ghor invaded and took power in peshawar and lahore .
trettach is a river of bavaria , germany .
columbia college hollywood is a nonprofit private liberal art college in los angeles , california .
the treaty of greenville closed the frontier in the northwest territory .
winton is located at the northeast edge of morse township .
martín jaite defeated jay berger 6–4 , 6–4
the kaskaskia river flows into the mississippi river in randolph county .
jackson center is a village in shelby county , ohio , united state .
both accidental cell death and regulated cell death can result in immune response .
rochester railway station is on the chatham main line and the north kent line .
the selangor state legislative assembly is the legislative branch of the selangor state government .
`` dagon '' is a short story by american author h. p. lovecraft .
central callao is about west of the historic centre of lima .
bloomfield is a town in walworth county , wisconsin , united state .
the anadarko basin of southwest kansa contains significant natural gas .
the maran district is a district in pahang , malaysia .
rugby europe is the administrative body for rugby union in europe .
dysmenorrhea is associated with increased pain sensitivity and heavy menstrual bleeding .
mega man x collection is a compilation of video game developed by capcom .
peter doohan and laurie warder were the defending champion but only warder competed that year with tim pawsat .
madrid is the capital of the kingdom of spain .
maracaibo is served by la chinita international airport .
this species contains zooxanthellae .
ginbo surrounds bonga town .
the supreme court of uganda is the highest judicial organ in uganda .
sodium hyaluronate is the sodium salt of hyaluronic acid .
big freedia hosted the new orleans segment of the special .
rockaway beach is a city in tillamook county , oregon , united state .
the cfl on tsn is tsn 's presentation of the canadian football league .
mafadi in the drakensberg at is the highest peak in south africa .
boundary peak is a mountain in esmeralda county , nevada , united state .
ballyboy or ballaboy ( ) is a village in county offaly , republic of ireland .
in 1954 the paradise club merged with club harlem under joint ownership .
zadar is also the seat of the roman catholic archdiocese of zadar .
kathmandu is the headquarters of the surrounding kathmandu district .
mosjøen is a transport hub in helgeland .
silja line gradually reduced the traffic from jakobstad and kokkola .
the decomposition occurs into isocyanic acid and methyldiazohydroxide .
the otago province had five superintendent :
stanley climbfall is the second studio album by california-based alternative rock band lifehouse .
conewago township is a township in dauphin county , pennsylvania , united state .
pembroke is a town in merrimack county , new hampshire , united state .
karama is an electoral division of the northern territory legislative assembly in australia 's northern territory .
hindhead is a village in surrey , england .
the capitalist mode of production may exist within society with differing political system ( e.g .
cheshire east is a unitary authority in cheshire , england .
garnavillo is a city in clayton county , iowa , united state .
ramadi is a district in al anbar governorate , iraq .
joann alfano is an american television producer .
the kanawha river flows north-northwestward through the center of putnam county .
the name is a joke : long island is between manhattan and new england .
metropolitan area may themselves be part of larger megalopolis .
black hole are the end point evolution of massive star .
hampton coliseum is a multi-purpose arena in hampton , virginia .
richwood is a city in nicholas county , west virginia , united state .
kassatly chtaura is a beverage company in chtaura , beqaa valley , lebanon .
chengalpattu is a wikt : defunct lok sabha constituency in tamil nadu .
bird include osprey , eagle , woodpecker and raven .
the cathedral of our lady ( ) is a roman catholic cathedral in antwerp , belgium .
brussels is the capital city of belgium .
a neurological disorder is any disorder # disorder of the nervous system .
paraguay is one of the poorest country of south america .
pedra da gávea is a mountain in tijuca forest , rio de janeiro , brazil .
tall shair administratively belongs to nahiya jarabulus within jarabulus district .
is the maftir torah reading for each day of rosh hashanah .
the 7th battalion was an infantry battalion of the australian army .
dibiyapur comes under etawah lok sabha constituency .
abbath is the self-titled debut album by norwegian black metal band abbath .
marie 's uncles richard i of england and philip ii of france had just been on the third crusade .
in 1600 , mōri terumoto nominally led the west army in the battle of sekigahara .
tropical geometry is an analog to algebraic geometry , using the tropical semiring .
freeburg is a borough in snyder county , pennsylvania , united state .
the diocese is the fourth oldest diocese in the anglican church of southern africa .
horopito is a locality in the north island of new zealand .
tower were also an important element of castle .
hawley is a city in jones county , texas , united state .
harry potter is a series of fantasy novel by j. k. rowling .
laurel run begins on a mountain in jefferson township .
elizabeth , new jersey had smog at half the level of new york city .
journey to the center of the earth is a 1999 american science fiction miniseries produced by hallmark entertainment .
digital camera often use infrared blocker .
amos lived in the kingdom of judah but preached in the northern kingdom of israel .
44 toyota ride to david reutimann .
the general conjecture would follow from the abc conjecture .
this gene encodes a muscle-specific small heat shock protein .
bethania is a hamlet in ceredigion , mid wale .
the ontario northland railway operates dome car on the polar bear express from cochrane to moosonee .
the platoon go on a weekend guerrilla warfare exercise .
orangutan are among the most intelligent non-human primate .
toulminville is a neighborhood of mobile , alabama , united state .
the verkhovna rada is the sole body of legislative power in ukraine .
in 2018 , mexico elected andrés manuel lópez obrador as president .
`` cowboy bebop '' was very successful and remains the longest aired anime series on adult swim .
marc rosset became the first swiss olympic tennis gold medallist .
north weston was historically a hamlet in the parish of portishead .
thailand is a unitary state in southeast asia .
coleraine academical institution won against grosvenor grammar school in the bowl final .
zhu changxun ( 1586–1641 ) was the third son of the ming dynasty wanli emperor .
barossa council is a local government area in the barossa valley in south australia .
cross anchor is a census-designated place in spartanburg county , south carolina , united state .
the 25th new zealand parliament continued with the new zealand labour party in government .
south turton is an unparished area of the metropolitan borough of bolton , in greater manchester , england .
other scientist or proto-scientists in antiquity were theophrastus , euclid , herophilos , hipparchus , ptolemy , and galen .
mangrove also provide essential habitat for rare and endangered specie like the manatee and pygmy hippopotamus .
real grupo de cultura covadonga is a handball team in gijón , asturias .
jiří novák / david rikl defeated donald johnson / francisco montana 6–2 , 6–4
the umbilical cord is the connecting cord from the embryo or fetus to the placenta .
hope under dinmore is a village and civil parish in herefordshire , england .
surin was an important part of the ancient khmer empire .
many contemporary sport watch owe their design to diving watch .
wiwek performed at the 2015 ultra music festival in miami .
the tuen mun river ( ) is a river in tuen mun , new territory , hong kong .
the mosque stands on the second hill of istanbul .
conneaut lake is the largest natural lake in pennsylvania by surface area .
uruguay has consistently supported lebanon in dispute with israel .
maria bueno defeated nancy richey 6–3 , 6–1
merkin ball is an extended play by american alternative rock band pearl jam .
barium chloride , along with other water-soluble barium salt , is highly toxic .
spa ground is a cricket ground in gloucester , gloucestershire .
arkhangelsk oblast of russia lies across the white sea .
liberty township is a township in adams county , pennsylvania , united state .
five rangefinder provided fire-control for the main battery .
in addition , banten is the link between java and sumatra .
several diminutive derivational suffix existed in ancient greek .
politically , milton is represented as milton ward in portsmouth city council .
li shangyin was a chinese poet of the late tang dynasty .
achrafieh is located in eastern beirut .
theoretical psychology is a rational , non-experimental approach to psychology .
mill creek hundred is an unincorporated subdivision of new castle county , delaware .
kempten belongs politically to the municipality of wetzikon .
oceana ( minor planet designation : 224 oceana ) is an asteroid from the asteroid belt .
the sugar river state trail is a long , , recreation rail trail in wisconsin .
the hyperion theater is located at disney california adventure in hollywood land .
the virasoro algebra is the universal central extension of the witt algebra .
people 's bank is a state-owned commercial bank in sri lanka .
digital signature system depend on secure cryptographic hash function to work .
google is one of the largest online advertising platform in the world .
alutiiq museum is one of four museum in kodiak .
community hospital long beach is an acute care hospital in long beach , california .
) , ethylene oxide isomerizes into acetaldehyde :
in mathematics , vopěnka 's principle is a large cardinal axiom .
little hart crag is a fell in the lake district area of england .
comedienne carol burnett incorporated the epithet into her routine on `` the carol burnett show '' .
tennis ball cricket is a variant of cricket , played using a tennis ball .
each class i alpha monomer consists of three protein domain :
independence national historical park was restored and development of penn 's landing was completed .
nim works with postgresql , mysql , and sqlite database .
gradačac became part of the tuzla canton in the federation of bosnia and herzegovina after the war .
the brisbane city council operate a public library in the indooroopilly shopping centre ( station road end ) .
garraree is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
the church has a thirteenth-century bell tower .
faisi is a small island in the western province of the solomon island .
in 2007 sanpaolo imi merged with banca intesa to form intesa sanpaolo .
the harmonic number appear in several calculation formula , such as the digamma function
the northern theater command is one of the five war zone of the people 's liberation army .
highland is a city in utah county , utah , united state .
victorian restoration in 1863-4 was by ewan christian .
sugriva suggests that tara makes angad , the king of kishkindha .
the caroni swamp still remains a popular tourist destination in trinidad .
in the california state legislature , doyle is in , and .
lega pro prima divisione was the third highest football league in italy .
luis franco cascón ( mansilla del páramo , province of león , 1903 - san cristóbal de la laguna , tenerife , 17 august 1984 ) was a spanish ecclesiastic , ninth bishop of the roman catholic diocese of san cristóbal de la laguna .
mangalore university ( mu ) is a public university in konaje , mangaluru , karnataka , india .
dikwa is a local government area of borno state , nigeria .
picus was a figure in roman mythology , the first king of latium .
barwani state was a princely state in india .
jacob is the author of the book of jacob in the book of mormon .
west terrace is a street in adelaide , south australia .
henderson is in minnesota 's 7th congressional district , represented by colin peterson ( dfl ) .
morton is part of the peoria , illinois metropolitan statistical area
catechin are diverse among food , from peach to green tea and vinegar .
petrolia is a borough in butler county , pennsylvania , united state .
cairo montenotte borders the following municipality : albisola superiore , altare , carcare , cengio , cosseria , dego , giusvalla , gottasecca , pontinvrea , saliceto , and savona .
the lea bridge stadium was a association football and motorcycle speedway stadium on lea bridge road in the walthamstow area of london .
the york county heritage rail trail cut through the center of new freedom .
asaita is located in the central of afar region .
barnsley , bradford , dewsbury , doncaster , halifax , huddersfield , leeds , rotherham , sheffield , wakefield and york were county borough .
hancock lee jackson succeeded him as governor until the election of robert marcellus stewart .
sts-92 marked the 100th mission of the space shuttle .
franklin township is a township in central hunterdon county , new jersey , united state .
the earth rotates at an angular velocity of 15°/hour .
gene mayer defeated johan kriek 7–6 , 6–1
like a square wave , the triangle wave contains only odd harmonic .
community psychology is a type of systemic psychology .
the university of mississippi participates in the national collegiate athletic association , southeastern conference , ncaa division i .
dummerston is a town in windham county , vermont , united state .
oakland is a town in fayette county , tennessee , united state .
marfa municipal airport is three mile north of marfa in presidio county , texas .
mount odin is the highest mountain on baffin island .
the hospital universitario san ignacio is a 4th level university hospital in bogotá , colombia .
goldsmith is served by the ector county independent school district .
ronco scrivia borders the following municipality : busalla , fraconalto , isola del cantone , voltaggio .
red bud is a city in randolph county , illinois , in the united state .
the parish was started when sioux city was still in the roman catholic archdiocese of dubuque .
xanthan gum provides great `` low end '' rheology .
ballard is the smallest and oldest community in the santa ynez valley .
for the costa rica 2011 census , jacó had a population of inhabitant .
prodoxidae are a family of primitive monotrysian lepidoptera .
in 1996 bethune 's gully was the venue for the new zealand national mountain-biking championship .
on 26 may 1977 , the norway national under-21 football team lost 2–3 against sweden at lerkendal .
smithfield is a city in cache county , utah , united state .
ghatkopar is a railway station on the central line of the mumbai suburban railway network .
whqr broadcast in the hd radio format .
one aldwych lies in the aldwych in covent garden in city of westminster .
the geelong football club drafted him with their third round selection in the 2005 afl draft .
levenshulme was transferred from the abolished manchester rusholme seat .
anne hobbs defeated louise field 6–3 , 6–1
annandale derives its name from annandale in scotland .
dighton was also along the route between fall river and taunton .
port moresby stock exchange is the principal stock exchange of papua new guinea .
the szeged synagogue ( ) is a synagogue in szeged , hungary .
damnica is a pkp railway station in damnica , pomeranian voivodeship , poland .
monarch is a hamlet in southern alberta , canada within the lethbridge county .
the long island rail road connects sayville to new york city .
portage la prairie receives all television station from nearby winnipeg .
molluscan tendon cell appear columnar and contain a large basal cell nucleus .
victoria is a hamlet in cornwall , england , uk .
dow crag is a fell in the english lake district near coniston , cumbria .
fianna fáil chose tánaiste and minister for defence brian lenihan .
village have less autonomy than city .
the bishop of blackburn is the ordinary of the church of england diocese of blackburn in the province of york .
nigeria hosted the 1999 fifa world youth championship and the 2009 fifa u-17 world cup .
titanium dioxide occurs in nature as the mineral rutile and anatase .
appalachia is a town in wise county , virginia , united state .
hunter corbett ministered in china for 56 year .
trajan appointed him to the praetorian guard in rome .
noida is a part of national capital region of india .
the fungus also induces systemic plant disease resistance in plant .
chatham lies fully within the saco river watershed .
ogunquit ( ) is a town in york county , maine .
clergy are formal leader within established religion .
amphibian often prey on beetle larva .
kilwinning has road link with the rest of ayrshire .
davidson township is a township in sullivan county , pennsylvania , united state .
the vaganova academy of russian ballet is a school of classical ballet in st petersburg , russia .
amberpet is one of the oldest suburb of hyderabad , india .
child prostitution , or child sex trafficking , is a form of sexual slavery .
jakob hlasek / michael stich defeated jim grabb / patrick mcenroe 7–6 , 6–3
venus williams defeated joannette kruger 6–3 , 6–2
big creek township covers an area of and contains one incorporated settlement , la porte city .
the vermilion river flows via the spanish river to lake huron .
little salt spring is an archaeological and paleontological site in north port , florida , united state .
in geometry , this uniform polyhedron compound is a composition of 5 cuboctahedra .
these orientation are automatically strong orientation .
broomfield high school is a public high school in broomfield , colorado , part of the boulder valley school district .
bo dallas took on kofi kingston in a rematch .
the 3rd armoured division was an armoured unit of the australian army during world war ii .
the democratic party has remained in opposition throughout this time .
with an elevation of , mount damavand is the highest peak in iran .
the industrial revolution was creating a new , increasingly affluent middle class .
`` sunday bloody sunday '' is a song by irish rock band u2 .
the play was a finalist for the 1995 pulitzer prize for drama .
the 50th meridian west forms a great circle with the 130th meridian east .
a dominating set may or may not be an independent set .
belen is a sunni turkmen district of hatay province .
after the 1600 debacle , naresuan turned north to lan na .
the battle of pharsalus ended the war of the first triumvirate .
jaffna is from colombo .
often formative infix and suffix look like diminutive one .
sir abubakar tafawa balewa held office as prime minister ( and head of government ) .
the thar express ( international passenger train ) connects karachi to jodhpur through this terminus .
gospel end is a village in the south staffordshire district of staffordshire , england .
lenox is a town in berkshire county , massachusetts , united state .
glove puppet are a variation of hand puppet .
the grange railway line is a suburban branch line in adelaide , south australia .
volcanism is the surface expression of magmatism .
belfast township is a township in fulton county in the u.s. state of pennsylvania .
zeta potential is a scientific term for electrokinetic electric potential in colloidal dispersion .
grove township is a township in cameron county , pennsylvania , united state .
harborcreek township is a township in erie county , pennsylvania , united state .
the costa rican renewal party ( ) is a christian political party in costa rica .
`` hello time bomb '' is a song by canadian alternative rock group matthew good band .
the chadakoin river runs through jamestown .
berceni stadium is a football stadium in berceni , romania .
vermont route 105 follows the nulhegan river from source to mouth .
damnica is a pkp railway station in damnica , pomeranian voivodeship , poland .
in 1997 , gavin brown 's enterprise moved to the meatpacking district of manhattan .
krishnanagar sadar subdivision is an administrative subdivision of nadia district in the state of west bengal , india .
a proper atmosphere must reduce diurnal temperature variation .
st mary 's church is in the town of kirkby lonsdale , cumbria , england .
the großer prebelowsee is a lake in the rheinsberg lake region , brandenburg , germany .
25 ta life is an american , new york hardcore band that originally formed in mid-1991 .
naguabo is located in the southeast region of puerto rico .
the wood river valley is a region in south-central idaho located in blaine county .
a key is a specific part of a musical instrument .
carter county is part of the ardmore micropolitan statistical area .
repalle is a part of repalle assembly constituency for andhra pradesh legislative assembly .
timeless is the eighth studio album by american country music singer martina mcbride .
holderness is a town in grafton county , new hampshire , united state .
another internet-based microgenre , vaporwave , evolved from chillwave .
gallium exists as the dimer digallane .
kecksburg is an unincorporated community in mount pleasant township , westmoreland county , pennsylvania .
kaliganj block consists of 15 gram panchayat , viz .
gulfton is about southwest of downtown houston and approximately west of bellaire .
google brain is a deep learning artificial intelligence research team at google .
green apple quick step , often abbreviated as gaqs , is an american rock band from seattle .
brunswick county is the southernmost county in the u.s. state of north carolina .
mamluk cavalry used crossbow .
moira is located approximately twenty mile from belfast international airport .
`` the irregular at magic high school '' is an anime adaptation of a light novel series written by tsutomu satō .
grasmere lies within the historic county of westmorland .
jamestown is a village in greene county , ohio , united state .
väinämöinen , ilmarinen , and lemminkäinen continue in their ship to pohjola .
her cousin , jomo kenyatta , was the first elected president in kenya .
in sri lanka , the inspector general of police head the sri lanka police service .
belur was the early capital of the hoysala empire .
sørum was a municipality in akershus county , norway .
the house of ibelin was a noble family in the crusader kingdom of jerusalem in the 12th century .
surf city is also from the capitol of new jersey , trenton .
temixco is from cuernavaca and from mexico city .
kidney failure may require medication , dietary lifestyle modification , and dialysis .
a shallow lake , sarygamysh lake , sits on the border with turkmenistan .
sonargaon draws many tourist each year in bangladesh .
chamwino district is one of the seven district of the dodoma region of tanzania .
these system also differ in their level of abstraction and generalization .
the eastern orthodox church has very different account of the second council of ephesus .
county route 552 also traverses the township .
kaziranga national park is a national park and an unesco world heritage site in india .
mccarthy road starts at the end of the edgerton highway in chitina .
the bank of thailand ( bot ) ( ) is the central bank of thailand .
vogošća ( ) is a town and municipality in sarajevo canton , bosnia and herzegovina .
56 squadron had reformed officially in november 1922 at raf hawkinge .
mission control is a feature of the macos operating system .
cecil is a village in shawano county , wisconsin , united state .
east kowloon corridor ( ) is a highway in kowloon , hong kong .
panama is a village in chautauqua county , new york , united state .
it forms when fluorine combine with calcium .
dildo island is an island in the canadian province of newfoundland and labrador .
qin shi huang expanded xianyang beyond the wall .
avshalom ( ) was an israeli settlement in the sinai peninsula .
the borough of broxbourne is a local government district and borough in hertfordshire , england .
the princely state then became part of the sambalpur district .
baddington is a civil parish in cheshire east , england .
turdaș ( ) is a commune in hunedoara county , transylvania , romania .
`` pacific coast highway '' is the fifteenth single by the alternative rock group hole .
the church is a notable example of gothic architecture in slovakia .
the j. mack robinson college of business is the business school of georgia state university in atlanta .
the new classic is the debut studio album by australian rapper iggy azalea .
indoor american football is a variation of gridiron football played at ice hockey-sized indoor arena .
saline county is included in the central arkansas region .
the 1995 sugar bowl was the 62nd edition of the post-season american college football sugar bowl bowl game .
following his marriage to claude duchess of brittany , francis i of france secured the union of brittany and france .
the falciform ligament contains the round ligament of liver .
the lucayan archipelago is not located within the caribbean sea .
darwin lies in the northern territory on the timor sea .
rape was an offense under the common law of england .
wellborn was an unincorporated community in brazos county , texas , united state .
momence is a city in kankakee county , illinois , united state .
radek štěpánek / michal tabara defeated donald johnson / nenad zimonjić 6–4 , 6–1
bouguenais is home to the nantes atlantique airport .
girolamo 's father , giovanni domenico d'auria , and annibale caccavello , were pupil of giovanni da nola .
pharr is a city in hidalgo county , texas , united state .
randolph county comprises the elkins , west virginia , micropolitan statistical area .
akpabuyo is a local government area of cross river state , nigeria .
fairlea is the location of the annual west virginia state fair , held in august .
gentry is a city in benton county , arkansas , united state .
kapsabet is a town in kenya .
luca zaia is the ninth president of veneto .
these metamorphic rock include gneiss , quartzite , and schist .
the academy film archive preserved `` the hustler '' in 2003 .
marston trussell is part of a united benefice along with sibbertoft and welford .
el mozote is a village in the morazán department in el salvador .
marietta is a town in ca county , texas , united state .
woodward is a city in dallas county , iowa , united state .
banta is a small unincorporated community in san joaquin county , california .
byglandsfjorden is a lake in agder county , norway .
the 310th fighter squadron is part of the 56th operation group at luke air force base , arizona .
today , the existing communist state in the world are in china , cuba , lao and vietnam .
rejowiec fabryczny is a town in poland , in lublin voivodeship , in chełm county .
kappil is connected with varkala - paravur - kollam road .
parley p. pratt explored the utah valley and utah lake .
the battalion also had a regimental aid post attached .
four world series were played in shea stadium .
the château stands on the bank of the meuse .
on 20 october 2001 the actc , eelam people 's revolutionary liberation front , tamil eelam liberation organization and tamil united liberation front formed the tamil national alliance ( tna ) .
in the california state legislature , nicasio is in , and in .
hollow horn bear was born in modern sheridan county , nebraska .
hollinwood is part of the parliamentary constituency of oldham west and royton .
grantham was a parliamentary constituency in lincolnshire , england .
benjamin of tiberias was converted to christianity .
lake tanganyika then drains into the congo river via the lukuga river .
the federal reserve bank of new york is one of the 12 federal reserve bank of the united state .
exhaust gas contain dust and there may be undesirable constituent such as sulfur dioxide or hydrogen chloride .
melbourne zoo is australia 's oldest zoo and was modelled on london zoo .
the villa aldobrandini is a villa in frascati , italy .
umhausen is the oldest village in the ötztal area .
holmes chapel is about north of crewe and south of manchester .
the barangay is in the legislative district of quezon city .
golfito is a canton in the puntarenas province of costa rica .
the indian national congress had a very active presence in thiruvananthapuram .
207 squadron became the first occupant of the newly opened raf spilsby bomber station .
washington township is a township in erie county , pennsylvania , united state .
the island and adjacent sea environs are within the arcipelago toscano national park and marine sanctuary .
conewago township is a township in adams county , pennsylvania , united state .
durvasa went to brahma and shiva for protection .
springtown is a town in benton county , arkansas , united state .
the parallel transport map are related to the covariant derivative by
fonni is also the gateway to the gennargentu mountain system .
the pennington biomedical research center is a health science-focused research center in baton rouge , louisiana .
myelin is an insulating sheath around neuron in the spinal cord .
marc rosset defeated roger federer 2–6 , 6–3 , 7–6
in 1874 , new york city annexed part of the southern bronx from westchester county .
ev landsberg was relegated to the oberliga
his division participated in the siege of petersburg .
the court of appeal of new zealand is the principal intermediate appellate court of new zealand .
gandzasar stadium in kapan is the largest sport venue of syunik .
pisa and lucca sided with henry iv .
sylvania is a city in lucas county , ohio , united state .
mason county comprises the ludington , mi micropolitan statistical area .
simeprevir is a hepatitis c virus protease inhibitor .
during the 1997–98 english football season , afc bournemouth competed in the football league second division .
in mythology , ganymede was a cupbearer for zeus .
fremont township is a civil township in lake county , illinois , usa .
haralson is located primarily in southeastern coweta county at .
in the california state legislature , ballico is in , and in .
isabel cueto defeated katerina maleeva 6–2 , 7–6
khizr khan was the governor of multan under firuz shah tughlaq .
some hotel offer swimming pool access .
quay is a restaurant in sydney , australia .
gilchrist was the last lumber company town in oregon .
pittston is a town in kennebec county , maine , united state .
in 1975 , the ent air force base and the norad headquarters moved to the peterson air force base ent building .
kiboga district is a district in the buganda region of uganda .
prof. ram gopal yadav ( born 29 june 1946 ) is an indian politician from uttar pradesh .
carthage is a city in jasper county , missouri , united state .
having killed pelias , jason and medea fled to ancient corinth .
the roman catholic archdiocese of new york operates catholic school in dutchess county .
the park is a local nature reserve .
match of the day 2 is a premier league association football highlight programme .
hethersett was a railway station near hethersett , norfolk .
after his resignation , the holy see put the roman catholic archdiocese of goa and daman under his direct subordination .
helena suková / todd woodbridge defeated martina navratilova / mark woodforde 6–3 , 7–6
cyprus-spain relation are the bilateral relation between cyprus and spain .
it has been reported that the rubik 's cube group has 81,120 conjugacy class .
campbell county , kentucky lies across the ohio river to the southwest .
wind ridge is the primary settlement in the township .
bolu province ( ) is a province in northwestern turkey .
the hikayat banjar is the chronicle of banjarmasin , indonesia .
due to the crisis of the third century , ravenna and the port began to decline .
multipolar neuron constitute the majority of neuron in the central nervous system .
the telangana legislative assembly is the lower house of the telangana legislature .
dương minh châu is a township ( ) of dương minh châu district , tây ninh province , vietnam .
norderstedt does not have a deutsche bahn railway station .
patoka is a town in marion county , illinois , united state .
culbertson is a town in roosevelt county , montana , united state .
yau ma tei police station is a police station in yau ma tei , kowloon , hong kong .
greensville county was established in 1781 from brunswick county .
2010 bangalore stadium bombing occurred on 17 april 2010 in m. chinnaswamy stadium , bangalore , india .
oakley is a village community in dorset , england .
basalt is a dark colored extrusive volcanic rock .
cliza is a small town in the cochabamba department , bolivia .
ravenshoe is on the atherton tableland in far north queensland .
according to odoric of pordenone , zhangzhou was a prosperous city twice the size of bologna .
wolf alice are a british alternative rock band from london .
six world trade center was an eight-story building in lower manhattan in new york city .
hader is an unincorporated community in goodhue county , minnesota , united state .
fort monroe played an important role in the american civil war .
the croatian ice hockey league is the top ice hockey league in croatia .
schwyz district is a district of the canton of schwyz , switzerland .
the waterfall way is a road in new south wale , australia .
the art of the upper paleolithic represents the oldest form of prehistoric art .
asturias airport is located in castrillón .
forest is a city and the county seat of scott county , mississippi .
novoli is a railway station in novoli , italy .
road to rouen is the fifth studio album by english rock band supergrass .
knockbody ( ) is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
crocker is a city in pulaski county , missouri , united state .
dekalb is a city in dekalb county , illinois , united state .
donje vardište ( ) is a village in the municipality of višegrad , bosnia and herzegovina .
salvatierra de los barros is a municipality in the province of badajoz , extremadura , spain .
caesium iodide or cesium iodide ( chemical formula csi ) is the ionic compound of caesium and iodine .
new hampshire raised three regiment for the continental army , the 1st , 2nd and 3rd new hampshire regiment .
lake elsinore is a city in western riverside county , california , united state .
bearing are usually rated in the abec scale .
the following year tughril arrived to isfahan .
ivan lendl defeated miloslav mečíř 6–4 , 6–2 , 6–0
the treaty of alfred and guthrum is a 9th century peace agreement between alfred of wessex and guthrum , the viking ruler of kingdom of east anglia .
florida institute of technology 's construction development after its establishment in 1958 eventually expanded into crane creek .
caracalla moved east into kingdom of armenia .
synchysite is a group of carbonate mineral .
gaston resided at château de blois , where mademoiselle visited him frequently .
the 1st chapter is the debut album by the norwegian progressive metal band , circus maximus .
laplace 's equation is also a special case of the helmholtz equation .
district heating is another example of secondary energy .
budyonnovsk ( ) is a town in stavropol krai , russia .
transcaucasia roughly corresponds to modern georgia , armenia , and azerbaijan .
the dry tortugas light is a lighthouse located on loggerhead key , three mile west of fort jefferson , florida .
ripponden is the terminus of the annual sowerby bridge rushbearing festival .
trilostane is metabolized in the liver .
vijay amritraj defeated henri leconte 7–6 , 1–6 , 8–6
staffordshire county council headquarters are in central stafford .
expedition 1 was the first long-duration stay on the international space station ( iss ) .
air chief marshal pradeep vasant naik , pvsm , vsm served as the 22nd chief of the air staff of the indian air force .
the mississippi department of education ( mde ) is the state education agency of mississippi .
stretford is in the roman catholic diocese of salford , and the anglican diocese of manchester .
little mitton is a civil parish in ribble valley , lancashire , england .
ntungamo is a town in the western region of uganda .
the column and pilaster rise to an entablature and modillioned cornice .
fairmead is a census-designated place in madera county , california .
in 1905 , the missouri valley league reformed as the western association .
calponin tonically inhibits the atpase activity of myosin in smooth muscle .
the prince moulay abdellah stadium was also a venue for the 2014 fifa club world cup .
the saket district centre is located in south delhi , india .
every indecomposable injective module has a local endomorphism ring .
govindapuram is in between mankav town and kozhikode medical college .
according to ghimpu , romanian language must be the official language of moldova .
federal hate crime legislation include limited protection for gender identity .
`` the strange high house in the mist '' is a short story by h. p. lovecraft .
amphetamine are the largest group of stimulant .
this atoll is the flat top of a seamount .
bridge of don is a suburb in the north of aberdeen , scotland .
redford high school was a secondary school in detroit , michigan .
ughelli township stadium is a stadium in ughelli , nigeria .
empanadas and choripán are very popular fast food in argentina and uruguay .
blaine county is a county in the u.s. state of montana .
a tenuous atmosphere exists around mercury .
ujjain division is an administrative geographical unit of madhya pradesh state of india .
his `` gesta francorum iherusalem expugnatium `` is a chronicle of the first crusade .
the german army used hand cipher below division level .
big show performed a chokeslam on booker .
omaha is a village in gallatin county , illinois , united state .
the wakefield trinity , david topliss , won the lance todd trophy .
the squadron provided airlift support , primarily to senior member of air education and training command .
ranebennuru is at the geographical center of karnataka .
the canon 's yeoman 's tale is one of `` the canterbury tale '' by geoffrey chaucer .
franklin township is a township in erie county , pennsylvania , united state .
butterfly have the typical four-stage insect life cycle .
mullah mohammed omar headed the taliban force during the afghan civil war .
the great attractor itself is moving towards the shapley supercluster .
wantage road railway station was a railway station on the great western main line in the vale of white horse district in oxfordshire .
fallowfield township is a township in washington county , pennsylvania , united state .
hillsboro is a rural town in loudoun county , virginia , united state .
maría josé martínez sánchez was the defending champion , but lost to ekaterina makarova in the quarterfinals. < br >
covington township is a township in lackawanna county , pennsylvania , united state .
munno para west is a northern suburb of adelaide , south australia .
the new york city fire department deployed 200 unit ( half of the department ) to the world trade center .
as the usual potential theory treat harmonic and subharmonic function .
azcapotzalco is in the northwestern part of mexico city .
king xuan of qi attacked yan and murdered the king of yan .
export is within the franklin regional school district .
stanton county is part of the norfolk , ne norfolk micropolitan statistical area .
digby is a town in southwestern nova scotia , canada .
louisiana 's 5th congressional district is a congressional district in the u.s. state of louisiana .
saddleworth is a civil parish in the metropolitan borough of oldham , greater manchester , england .
cleveland is a city in bolivar county , mississippi , united state .
the milwaukee river flows south through downtown grafton .
glenpool is a city in tulsa county , oklahoma , united state .
it is believed ibex mountain last erupted during the pleistocene .
fulton is a village in morrow county , ohio , united state .
today north smithfield is part of the john h. chaffee blackstone river valley national heritage corridor .
arlington is a neighborhood in southern pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
selsertown was the third stop on the old natchez road .
galwegian gaelic is the extinct dialect of scottish gaelic formerly spoken in southwest scotland .
resunga municipality is a municipality in gulmi district in nepal .
fawn township is a township in allegheny county , pennsylvania , united state .
abidjan is the largest city in ivory coast .
the faith christian school , a private school , is also in grapevine .
long beach completely surrounds the city of signal hill .
pihlajavesi is a lake in finland .
turin is a hamlet in alberta , canada within the lethbridge county .
headington hill hall stands on headington hill in the east of oxford , england .
duxbury is the sixth largest cranberry producer in massachusetts .
severe respiratory failure requires treatment with endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation .
the 1st and 3rd division were stationed near baghdad .
he believes that capital punishment is appropriate punishment for male homosexuality , adultery , blasphemy , abortion , and witchcraft .
henri dutilleux has also described his `` métaboles '' as a concerto for orchestra .
plasma cloud lose energy through thermal conduction and radiation .
lovejoy is a city in clayton county , georgia , united state .
contemporary web browser revitalized animated ascii art again .
the north thompson river flows via the thompson river and the fraser river to the pacific ocean .
creelsboro is an historic town in russell county , kentucky , united state .
six electric car held the land speed record in the 19th century .
gluconeogenesis and glycolysis share a series of six reversible reaction .
raebareli lies in the southern-central part of uttar pradesh .
holstein was a member of the german confederation .
his son , allan pilkey , was ndp mpp for oshawa from 1990 to 1995 .
great sandy national park is a coastal national park in the fraser coast region , queensland , australia .
lobley hill hosted the annual gateshead flower show .
the canadian olympic committee ( coc ) is the national olympic committee for canada .
after the battle of mohács , the medieval kingdom of hungary collapsed .
poinciana is the southern terminus of the sunrail system .
the 1960 winter olympics saw the debut of biathlon .
the volkswagen beetle and porsche 911 took 4th and 5th place in the car of the century award .
novi pazar improved their form in the 2014–15 serbian superliga season .
the shrub has thin scaly brown bark .
lake peipus forms the border with estonia in the west .
sumitro , alongside basuki rahmat represented the east javanese contingent .
chen wu had two son – chen xiu ( 陳脩 ) and chen biao .
moosic is located in the wyoming valley of northeastern pennsylvania .
the wushi harbor ( ) is a harbor in toucheng township , yilan county , taiwan .
valparai is a hill station in coimbatore district .
his career playing association football and gradually moved on to polo .
morrow is a city in clayton county , georgia , united state .
damariscotta is part of the maine aos # 93 school system .
palhoça is a municipality in santa catarina , brazil .
the railroad connecting sonkovo and mga pass through kirishi .
thus , in these respect formal power series behave like taylor series .
the arieșul mare ( ) is a river in the apuseni mountains , alba county , western romania .
guaitecas archipelago is an archipelago in the aisén region of chile .
milton state school is a heritage-listed state school at bayswater street , milton , city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
farrakhan 's solicitor , sadiq khan , later became mayor of london .
hardening suffix trigger a kind of fortition .
rnzaf base woodbourne is a base of the royal new zealand air force , located 8 km west of blenheim .
north hudson is a village in st. croix county , wisconsin , united state .
the fen and the wei river are the two largest tributary of the yellow river .
at dewey square , the union freight railroad continued north on atlantic avenue .
the reedfish is nocturnal , and feed on annelid worm , crustacean , and insect .
gigi fernández / lori mcneil defeated anne hobbs / kathy jordan 7–6 , 7–5
ostheim lies on the river streu between mellrichstadt and fladungen .
oppenheimer is the debut album by belfast indie-pop duo oppenheimer .
li conghou fled luoyang .
austevollshella or austevoll is a village in austevoll municipality , norway .
jana novotná defeated jana pospíšilová 7–5 , 6–4
rosemary casals / wendy turnbull defeated hana mandlíková / betty stöve 6–4 , 6–2
nato launched the ipaps initiative at the 2002 prague summit .
wesson is a town in copiah and lincoln county , mississippi , united state .
wiesau is a river of bavaria , germany .
thai cuisine ( , , ) is the national cuisine of thailand .
in the meantime , 10th panzer division had encircled calais and began the siege of calais .
fredonia is a borough in mercer county , pennsylvania , united state .
disney music group ( dmg ) is the music recording arm of disney platform distribution , a division of the walt disney company .
asia league ice hockey was established primarily for the development of ice hockey in asia .
nogales is served by nogales international airport .
most radio propagation beacon use amateur radio frequency .
the parish is part of the roman catholic archdiocese of new york .
the responsible government league was a political movement in the dominion of newfoundland .
north coventry township is served by the owen j. roberts school district .
grayson county is a county in the u.s. state of texas .
sandown high school , johannesburg is a school in johannesburg , sandton .
pasteurella is a genus of gram-negative , facultatively anaerobic bacteria .
monagead is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
ramanathapuram is a lok sabha ( parliament of india ) constituency in tamil nadu .
wheaton academy is a member of the illinois high school association as well as the metro suburban conference .
in north carolina , down east refers to two area of eastern north carolina .
slatington is a borough in lehigh county , pennsylvania , united state .
the belli creek and the belli park area is a part of the mary river catchment .
saadat-e-bilgram literally means the sayyid of the town of bilgram .
consort is a village in eastern alberta , canada .
immaculate heart of mary church ( ) , is a catholic parish church in cleveland , ohio and part of the roman catholic diocese of cleveland .
main poc returned to the yellow river after the 1814 treaty of greenville .
damghan county ( ) is a county ( shahrestan ) in semnan province , iran .
whiteface is a town in cochran county , texas , united state .
habiba bint jahsh ( arabic : حبيبة بنت جحش ) was a companion of muhammad .
roald dahl plass is a public space in cardiff bay , cardiff , wale .
polonium is available for about $ 100 per microgram .
gardyne castle is a 16th-century tower house in angus , scotland .
the annual malaysia open super series badminton tournament is held in kuala lumpur .
hurricane high school is the only high school in hurricane , utah , united state .
in the california state legislature , culver city is in , and in .
aldgate is a london underground station near aldgate in the city of london .
hydroid is part of the cnidaria phylum .
in new hampshire , the pemigewasset , baker , ammonoosuc , merrimack and connecticut river went into flood .
church eaton is a civil parish in the borough of stafford , staffordshire , england .
vărbilău is a commune in prahova county , muntenia , romania .
before 1975 , musselburgh was part of midlothian , not east lothian .
gardner is a village in grundy county , illinois , united state .
greenwood is a city in johnson county , indiana , united state .
shek pik reservoir ( ) is a reservoir in shek pik on lantau island in hong kong .
chia 's ancestral home is in tianjin , china .
jackson is a city in butts county , georgia , united state .
haw river state park is a north carolina state park in guilford and rockingham county , north carolina in the united state .
this is a partial discography of `` the barber of seville '' , an opera by gioachino rossini .
boulder city airport was an airport in boulder city , clark county , nevada .
joppa road continues east along a ridge toward towson .
niger has been a member of the organisation internationale de la francophonie since 1970 .
calcio catania were relegated to 1937–38 serie c .
gouverneur is a village in st. lawrence county , new york , united state .
gaylesville is a town in cherokee county , alabama , united state .
capitán bado is a city in the amambay department of paraguay .
robert a. heinlein , in `` the number of the beast '' , postulated a six-dimensional universe .
manor township is a township in armstrong county , pennsylvania , united state .
augustine ‘ s nephew , james augustine , played professional basketball← for the orlando magic .
qatar is among the largest arab investor in tunisia .
the planck length is about 10 time the diameter of a proton .
john stuart mill , in his letter of november 6 , 1867 to alexander bain , wrote :
upon the surrender of japan , the chinese civil war immediately resumed .
morgause later marries king lot and becomes the mother of gawain and mordred .
bagheera appears in `` the jungle book 2 '' , voiced by bob joles .
serampore college is the oldest university in india to be in continuous operation .
afghanistan ceded some territory and accepted a british resident in kabul .
the harris county toll road authority operates its west area ez tag store in spring branch .
mountfield falls within the battle and crowhurst ward .
tausa was inhabited since the herrera period .
cao cao was also the father of the well-known poet cao pi and cao zhi .
the los angeles county fire department provides fire protection service for the city of san dimas .
yavapai college also has a campus in clarkdale .
cromwell is a city in carlton county , minnesota , united state .
trenton transit center is the main passenger train station in trenton , new jersey .
both participle must agree with the subject .
toyotomi clan loyalist and the lord of western japan rallied behind ishida mitsunari .
percoidea is a superfamily of fish of the order perciformes .
a functional differential equation is a differential equation with deviating argument .
the 136th meridian west forms a great circle with the 44th meridian east .
hembury is a neolithic causewayed enclosure near honiton .
postpartum depression refers to a major depressive episode occurring following childbirth .
the world championship snowmobile derby is held at eagle river , wisconsin .
princeton is a city in collin county , texas , united state .
this enzyme participates in amino sugar metabolism and glycan biosynthesis .
the pleasant river is a river in washington county , maine .
the ōu main line uses half of this island platform , and one of two opposed side platform .
the `` e '' isomer is a constituent of various essential oil .
`` gymnasium '' are the most prestigious type of middle school .
guatavita was specialized in gold working .
bhimavaram is a city in west godavari district of the andhra pradesh state of india .
gordon college is a private christian college in wenham , massachusetts .
east english village preparatory academy ( eevpa ) is a magnet high school in detroit , michigan .
fort ripley township is a township in crow wing county , minnesota , united state .
producer alan burnett described the season as the show 's `` '' the brave and the bold '' season '' .
the volvo ocean 65 is a class of monohull racing yacht .
the sandy bridge microarchitecture is the successor to nehalem microarchitecture .
a steroid ester is an ester of a steroid .
the rhombic dodecahedron is a zonohedron .
georgetown is on the etheridge river in far north queensland , australia .
as did a very new gary glitter , with the glitter band .
the gold coast is the most popular tourist destination in queensland .
ballyhale was in the poor law union of waterford .
according to odoric of pordenone , fuzhou had the biggest chicken in the world .
caixaforum madrid is a museum and cultural center in paseo del prado 36 , madrid .
leopoldstadt was then a suburb of vienna .
antoinette was a french manufacturer of light petrol engine .
christmas is a public holiday in macau .
the vallavik tunnel ( ) is a road tunnel in vestland county , norway .
university of goroka is a university in the eastern highlands province of papua new guinea .
george square is a city square in edinburgh , scotland .
starke county is a county in the u.s. state of indiana .
pleinfeld is the biggest town at the großer brombachsee , a lake in the franconian lake district .
kaunas university of technology is the largest technical university in the baltic state and the second largest university in lithuania .
gartz is a town in the uckermark district in brandenburg , germany .
moultonborough is a new england town in carroll county , new hampshire , united state .
in 2001 , fox interactive and thq released `` '' on game boy color .
the community memory project served as an early electronic bulletin board system .
the continental army fled back to chester after defeat at the battle of brandywine .
saidpur airport is one of the domestic airport in bangladesh .
iona is a city in murray county , minnesota , united state .
gammelshausen is physically located in the of the swabian jura .
durham is located near the base of the bruce peninsula .
jabuka ( grude ) is a village in bosnia and herzegovina .
elkville is a village in jackson county , illinois , united state .
madan mohan is a form of the hindu god , krishna .
spur 72 is located in lufkin .
berwick township is a township in adams county , pennsylvania , united state .
calabria was part of the byzantine empire until the 11th century .
occludin is an important protein in tight junction function .
la puente is a city in los angeles county , california , united state .
plush is east of lakeview .
pidley is a small village in cambridgeshire , england .
the compton wavelength is a quantum mechanical property of a particle .
pinar del río is a baseball team in the cuban national series .
her late husband chandrashekhar singh served as chief minister of bihar .
compared to the maxillary central incisor , the maxillary lateral incisor has more rounded mesial and distal incisal angle .
emperor taishō was enthroned in 1912 following the death of emperor meiji .
ethereum is a decentralized , open-source blockchain with smart contract functionality .
the tijuana river national estuarine research reserve contains much of border field state park and is an important wildlife habitat .
the union of utrecht is seen as the beginning of the dutch republic .
the airbus a318 is the smallest member of the airbus a320 family .
kupittaa ( ) is a district in turku , finland .
in 359 , constantius ii removed him from gaul .
andy diggle is a british comic book writer and former editor of `` 2000 ad '' .
chapelizod is under the administration of dublin city council .
sangrur district is in the state of punjab in northern india .
basaltic andesite is a component of back-arc basin basalt suite .
magherafelt district council was a district council in county londonderry in northern ireland .
the los angeles opera is an american opera company in los angeles , california .
mont pinçon , at in elevation , is the highest point in norman switzerland .
ti is an unincorporated community in pittsburg county , oklahoma , united state .
the makassar strait separates sulawesi from borneo to the west .
sandwich is the site of the cape cod bay entrance to the cape cod canal .
the township comprises six village : ali , dawu , haocha , jiamu , jilou and wutai .
duluth is in minnesota 's 8th congressional district , represented by pete stauber of the republican party .
tyler county is a county in the u.s. state of west virginia .
vignone borders the following municipality : arizzano , bee , cambiasca , caprezzo , intragna , premeno , verbania .
the archdeacon of exeter is a senior ecclesiastical officer of the diocese of exeter in the church of england .
a random walk on a graph is a very special case of a markov chain .
martin fischer and philipp oswald won in the final against tomasz bednarek and mateusz kowalczyk .
weymouth and portland was a local government district and borough in dorset , england .
the new york city college of technology ( city tech ) is a public college in new york city .
conference house park is a park in tottenville , staten island , new york city .
mark antony stopped there before actium .
el cortez is a landmark hotel in san diego , california .
hk 91 senica is an ice hockey team in senica , slovakia .
fungi , animal and plant are example of kingdom of organism within the eukaryote .
mount waesche lies in marie byrd land , one of the most inaccessible area of antarctica .
lewisburg is north of corvallis and west of albany .
in 951 , guo wei rebelled and created the later zhou dynasty .
centreville is a town in amite and wilkinson county , mississippi , united state .
cod beck is a river in north yorkshire , england .
`` elephant '' is a song by australian psychedelic rock band tame impala .
federally , bethlehem is part of pennsylvania 's 7th congressional district , represented by democrat susan wild .
in the california state legislature , la presa is in , and in .
clinton county comprises the plattsburgh , new york micropolitan statistical area .
bik karlskoga is a swedish ice hockey club from karlskoga , sweden .
the water of feugh is a tributary of the river dee , forming a confluence at banchory .
actuarial science is also applied to property , casualty , liability , and general insurance .
otsego county is a county in the u.s. state of new york .
william allen high school is located at 106 north 17th street , allentown .
the salem branch is located within gloucester and salem county .
many microorganism can cause infective endocarditis .
the pennsylvania state senate is the upper house of the pennsylvania general assembly , the pennsylvania state legislature .
a process may contain many application domain .
jackson sits across the tombigbee river from washington county , alabama .
in 1907 , auburn again finished 3rd in the empire state league .
the city 's football club , mfk havířov , competes in the czech fourth division .
ranica borders the following municipality : alzano lombardo , gorle , ponteranica , scanzorosciate , torre boldone , villa di serio .
lewsey is a suburb of luton , england .
malone is a town in hill county , texas , united state .
the kokoda track campaign or kokoda trail campaign was part of the pacific war of world war ii .
mainstream economist instead support free trade .
after 1815 saarbrücken became part of the prussian rhine province .
the xfl is a professional american football sport league .
the 7th royal tank regiment was part of the royal tank regiment , itself part of the royal armoured corp .
the israeli basketball state cup is the second most important basketball competition in israel , after ligat haal .
st francis xavier 's cathedral is a roman catholic cathedral in adelaide , south australia .
the suburb has been experiencing urban renewal .
the asteroid has an ambiguous rotation period .
robeson township is a township in berk county , pennsylvania , united state .
krasnodar is the administrative center of the krai .
19th-century plank road were usually operated as toll road .
the overbrook school for the blind , established in 1832 , is in philadelphia .
central market was a fresh food market in central , hong kong .
matthew fontaine maury is buried between virginian president john tyler and james monroe .
caledonia is a village in caledonia township , boone county , illinois , united state .
the clerestory contains gabled dormer .
escanaba river state forest is a state forest in the central upper peninsula of michigan .
`` enola gay '' returned to tinian at 14:58 .
evanston was previously in evanston township , which dissolved in 2014 .
zaleski is a village in vinton county , ohio , united state .
the slovenia national football team has qualified for three major tournament ( uefa euro 2000 , 2002 fifa world cup and 2010 fifa world cup ) .
located on adelaide avenue the lodge is the official residence of the prime minister of australia .
cassius dio identifies sporus as a freedman .
the rocas atoll ( ) is the only atoll in the south atlantic ocean .
langtang lirung is the highest peak of the langtang himal ,
aloomba is a town and a locality in the cairn region , queensland , australia .
vandenberg village is an unincorporated community in santa barbara county north of lompoc , near vandenberg air force base .
adderbury has a church of england primary school : christopher rawlins school .
oceanport is a borough in monmouth county , new jersey , united state .
burke county lies on the north line of north dakota .
liberty high school was one of the two low performing school in bethlehem area school district .
the mackinaw river begins near sibley , illinois , in ford county .
the euro thus became the successor to the european currency unit ( ecu ) .
marcos grigorian and hossein zenderoudi were pioneer of iranian modern painting and sculpture .
marcian may have been the sponsor of the chrysotriklinos of the great palace of constantinople .
richard lloyd jones was the only son of jenkin lloyd jones and susan barber .
iuka is located in northeast mississippi .
dennison township is a township in luzerne county , pennsylvania , united state .
prime minister william ewart gladstone proposed to queen victoria that lionel be made a british peer .
the grosse pointe public school system ( gppss ) is a school district headquartered in grosse pointe , michigan in metro detroit .
south elgin is a village in kane county , illinois , united state .
tenerife is an autonomous territory of spain .
niagara university and niagara county community college are the two college in niagara county .
the gospel of luke and the gospel of matthew describe the nativity of jesus .
`` inescapable '' is a song by australian recording artist jessica mauboy .
the tsugaru strait separates hokkaido from honshu .
the wendigo frequently fights the hulk , wolverine , and alpha flight .
glenolden is a borough in delaware county , pennsylvania , united state .
these manakin eat fruit and some insect .
wellsville is a borough in york county , pennsylvania , united state .
harvard is a city in clay county , nebraska , united state .
after the greek civil war , nea smyrni was incorporated into athens .
kansas speedway is a tri-oval race track in kansas city , kansa .
kendrick is a town in lincoln county , oklahoma , united state .
the townland is in the civil parish of dundalk .
katedralskolan ( lund cathedral school ) is a school in lund , sweden .
jones township is a township in elk county , pennsylvania , united state .
south brunswick is a township in middlesex county , new jersey , united state .
vx is an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor .
the nelson province had four superintendent :
scheme is primarily a functional programming language .
louse are vector of disease such as typhus .
the trent river joins the neuse at new bern .
billie jean king / sharon walsh defeated kathy jordan / anne smith 6–1 , 6–1
li maozhen sought an alliance with wang jian .
warrant officer are the highest non-commissioned rank and they rank above flight sergeant .
eritrea returned to the 2009 cecafa cup in nairobi .
the order of the lion of finland ( ; ) is one of three official order in finland , along with the order of the cross of liberty and the order of the white rose of finland .
the greek orthodox church has also treated it as a titular see .
the minster is the only surviving medieval building in cheltenham .
cyprus competed at the 2004 summer paralympics in athens , greece .
the urinary system consists of the kidney , ureter , urinary bladder , and urethra .
rockport is a city in aransas county , texas , united state .
denizli ( municipality ) is the capital city of denizli province .
seward township is a township in noble county , minnesota , united state .
the bonnet house is a historic home in fort lauderdale , florida , united state .
on june 22 , 2004 , imperial tobacco canada appealed the case to the supreme court of canada .
the simplest static black hole have mass but neither electric charge nor angular momentum .
lara is a district of antalya city , turkey .
the outer moon deimos is in supersynchronous orbit around mar .
hill county is a county in the u.s. state of texas .
kenilworth road is a association football stadium in luton , bedfordshire , england .
the 1997–98 nba season was the ninth season for the orlando magic in the national basketball association .
frampol is a town in poland , in biłgoraj county , lublin voivodeship .
mihin lanka flew from mattala to gaya and medan but that airline also ended flight .
the gold coast highway passes through mermaid beach .
the karelian isthmus lies within the ecoregion of scandinavian and russian taiga .
cash in the attic is a united kingdom television show on the bbc .
bridport is in the english county of dorset in south west england .
frank dalton is buried in coffeyville , kansa .
and the davazdah rokh war had occurred in zibad .
the president of palau is both head of state and head of government .
the family party was a political party in new zealand .
wcal 's radio format focused on european classical music radio programming and related musical genre .
in the california state legislature , alhambra is in , and in .
croxley green is both a village and a suburb of rickmansworth in hertfordshire , england .
cowen is a town in webster county , west virginia , united state .
the following boer commando existed in the orange free state and transvaal :
the madeira river ( ) is a major waterway in south america .
ardbraccan is an ancient place of christian worship in county meath , republic of ireland .
brown field municipal airport is located in the otay mesa region of south san diego .
bowman was a resident of bowman , north dakota .
zurich airport serves as its sole airline hub and geneva airport as a focus city .
ranni is the largest rubber producing taluks in kerala .
hooton is a village in cheshire west and chester , england .
oak ridge is a town in northwestern guilford county , north carolina , united state .
west adelaide football club is an australian rule football club in the south australian national football league ( sanfl ) .
henley beach is a coastal suburb of adelaide , south australia in the city of charles sturt .
the ascender reach above the cap height .
le'auva ' a is a village on the island of upolu in samoa .
grefsen is a neighbourhood in the city of oslo , norway .
li yuanji was born in 603 , during the reign of emperor wen of sui .
bayboro is a town in pamlico county , north carolina , united state .
today peroj is the centre of the montenegrins in istria county .
slackware is one of the le used linux distribution .
the coptic catholic church uses the alexandrian rite .
sigmund goes home and banishes borghild .
simone de beauvoir considered his attitude about woman in detail in her `` the second sex '' .
eminem also raps about his sobriety , name-dropping known cannabis-smokers lil wayne and snoop dogg .
cambridge was originally part of ripley , maine .
the old head of kinsale ( in irish , `` an seancheann '' ) is a headland near kinsale , county cork , republic of ireland .
the galyani vadhana building is in priest hospital , bangkok .
jared palmer / pavel vízner defeated jiří novák / petr pála 5–1 ret .
the vafs spa is a touristic place around komijan .
monta vista high school is a public high school in cupertino , california .
shrewsbury castle is a red sandstone castle in shrewsbury , shropshire , england .
nizhyn is an air base in chernihiv oblast , ukraine north of nizhyn .
major league baseball on fox televised the series in the united state and canada , with joe buck calling play-by-play and tim mccarver handling color commentary .
croespenmaen is also the site of the brace 's bakery factory .
skeena is a provincial electoral district for the legislative assembly of british columbia , canada .
sahiwal district has two tehsils ; sahiwal and chichawatni .
carp river is a river in marquette county in the u.s. state of michigan .
yang yi sent wang ping to resist wei yan .
contract theory provides reasoning against nationalization .
community economic development is an alternative to conventional economic development .
english field at atlantic union bank park is a baseball stadium in blacksburg , virginia .
sima shi heard about the plot and removed cao fang from the throne .
vännäs is the seat of vännäs municipality and had 4,466 inhabitant in 2018 .
the barren island airport ultimately became the floyd bennett field .
mark woodforde defeated patrik kühnen 7–5 , 1–6 , 7–5
sutter is an unincorporated community in hancock county , illinois , united state .
abdullah ibn umar died in mecca in 693 ( 74 ah ) .
costa rica competed at the 1988 summer olympics in seoul , south korea .
new york state route 3 pass through the cdp , leading west to watertown , the county seat , and east to carthage .
according to leon festinger , cognitive dissonance produces `` psychological discomfort '' .
the san joaquin river flooded on december 24 , 1867 , inundating millerton .
the air guard of trinidad and tobago is based at piarco international airport .
the liverpool subscription library was a gentleman only library .
the university of glasgow awarded him the honorary degree , doctor of law .
abie is a village in butler county , nebraska , united state .
amphibious assault ship are typically named after world war ii aircraft carrier .
protestantism spread with evangelicalism and pentecostalism gaining the majority of follower .
the salt pan are the most noticeable geological feature in the etosha national park .
almond is an unincorporated community in swain county , north carolina , united state .
bendigo state park is a pennsylvania state park in jones township , elk county , pennsylvania in the united state .
in october 2007 sonata arctica headlined the progpower usa viii .
lusk creek joins the ohio river at golconda .
pine lake township is a township in pine county , minnesota , united state .
the international cricket council ( icc ) is the world sport governing body of cricket .
bistra ( ; ; ) is a commune in maramureș county , maramureș , romania .
hopewell township is a township in york county , pennsylvania , united state .
ashley is served by the hanover area school district .
couiza-montazels is a railway station in couiza and montazels , occitanie , france .
samkhya is an atheistic philosophy according to paul deussen and other scholar .
galmoylestown upper is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
sherman mine is a closed open pit mine in temagami , ontario , canada .
`` the kyle and jackie o show '' commenced on 16 january 2005 on 2day fm .
chowchilla is a city in madera county , california .
the taoiseach must be a member of dáil éireann .
peoria height high school competes in the prairieland conference and is a member school of the illinois high school association .
the southern tier expressway – interstate 86 and new york state route 17 – serves the southern tier .
protein primary structure is the linear sequence of amino acid in a peptide or protein .
with 1,139 employee , mercy medical center is the second largest employer in roseburg .
slow light refers to a very low group velocity of light .
umatilla is a city in lake county , florida , united state .
the leaf are edible and used for fodder .
during the last glacial maximum , the mammoth steppe was the earth 's most extensive biome .
triphenylene can be isolated from coal tar .
the siri remote is the successor to the original apple remote .
sugar grove is a village in fairfield county , ohio , united state .
syndecan 1 can be a marker for plasma cell .
varpaisjärvi is a former municipality of finland .
petrovichi was part of belarus for several decade .
rolo tomassi is a british mathcore band .
east conemaugh is a borough in cambria county , pennsylvania , united state .
the badische bergstrasse folk high school has a branch in hemsbach .
marco wittmann and maxime martin start for bmw team rmg .
the wehrmacht carried out war crime across the continent including in poland , greece , serbia and the soviet union .
articaine is a dental amide-type local anesthetic .
some carbon monoxide binds to hemoglobin when smoking tobacco .
china claim that aksai chin is part of the xinjiang uyghur autonomous region and tibet .
digitalglobe provides satellite imagery and analysis .
the east riding of yorkshire , or simply east riding or east yorkshire , is a county in northern england .
middleborough lies on the western border of plymouth county .
his mission president were james e. talmage and john a. widtsoe .
also jan mayen is an integrated geographical body of norway .
the highest batting average for a rookie was .408 in 1911 by shoeless joe jackson .
the central ukrainian shield was flooded during the cretaceous .
ibanda is a town in the western region of uganda .
judge are selected via the missouri plan .
south brunswick is a township in middlesex county , new jersey , united state .
portland is a city in traill county , north dakota , united state .
the 1998–1999 scottish league cup was the 53rd staging of the scotland 's second most prestigious association football knockout competition .
the flower have no stalk and consists of 5 petal .
water valley is a city in yalobusha county , mississippi , united state .
in the 1930s the nazi party came to power in germany .
washington irving visited it often ( at least once with future us president martin van buren ) for inspiration .
alpha sagittarii is a blue , class b dwarf star .
the maghrawa are the brother of the banu ifran and the irnyan .
jinja district is a district in the eastern region of uganda .
the hop river also flows into the willimantic river at the western border .
the mason city cementmakers won the 1912 iowa state league pennant .
the chetham society is the oldest historical society in north west england .
bellaire is a village in belmont county , ohio , united state .
belgrade is a village in nance county , nebraska , united state .
in 1273 przemysł ii became an independent duke of poznań .
the nottaway river is a river in quebec , canada .
hen comb is a fell in the west of the english lake district .
iannella 's father , christopher a. iannella , served in the massachusetts general court and the boston city council .
the world heritage committee has designated 37 world heritage site in oceania .
puget sound is generally accepted as the start of the inside passage .
the wwe performance center is the official professional wrestling school system for the american professional wrestling professional wrestling promotion wwe .
australia–greece relation are the foreign relation between australia and greece .
postcolonial theology is the application of postcolonial criticism to christian theology .
jfs allocates file as an extent .
cross city is a town in dixie county , florida , united state .
singtel tv is a singapore iptv service .
che fu was born che ness in auckland .
libice nad doubravou is a market town in havlíčkův brod district in the vysočina region of the czech republic .
küçükkuyu is a town in çanakkale province , turkey
`` he '' is a short story by american horror writer h. p. lovecraft .
alba is a borough in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
father judge high school is a roman catholic high school in philadelphia , pennsylvania , united state .
tamil nadu agricultural research institute ground is a multi purpose stadium in coimbatore , tamil nadu .
metabolic alkalosis may also be seen with loop diuretic use .
the rose garden palace is a mansion and garden in old dhaka , bangladesh .
artificial island are an example of land reclamation .
wendell is a town in wake county , north carolina united state .
carman is home to a university of manitoba campus as well as the high school carman collegiate
arabtex is released under the latex project public license v1+ .
parkwood is a southeastern suburb of perth , western australia .
though lady macduff is a foil to lady macbeth , they are not entirely opposites .
the corporate town of gladstone was a local government area in south australia , centred on the town of gladstone .
the drybrough cup was a scottish annual association football tournament .
external beam radiotherapy ( ebrt ) is the most common form of radiotherapy ( radiation therapy ) .
freire is a chilean town and commune in cautín province , araucanía region .
finally , adventure game are classified separately from puzzle video game .
nitrogen dioxide disproportionates into nitric acid and nitrous acid in aqueous solution :
he and bilal ibn rabah were chosen as muezzin in medina by muhammad .
coffee county comprises the douglas , ga micropolitan statistical area .
rosalyn fairbank / lise gregory defeated katrina adam / lori mcneil 7–5 , 6–4
tirupati is home for famous vaishnavite shrine venkateswara temple and many other ancient temple .
camden is a town in kent county , delaware , united state .
the spymaster succeeds , and also captures mercenary madame masque .
daemon that connect to a computer network are example of network service .
people 's square is a large public square in the huangpu district of shanghai .
a poya occurs every full moon .
moha is a village in fejér county , hungary .
a former power forward , levingston played in the national basketball association ( nba ) .
the san saba river is a river in the u.s. state of texas .
morral is a village in marion county , ohio , united state .
maxie jones is a fictional character from the abc soap opera `` general hospital '' .
crosby student attend school in the crosby independent school district .
it is through marie louise that the present prince of guéméné are pretender to the duchy of bouillon .
david ferrer defeated marc gicquel , 6–4 , 6–2
from 1670 to 1787 the sanjak of ioannina was part of the ioannina eyalet .
templeborough ( historically templebrough ) is a suburb of rotherham , south yorkshire , england .
argentina competed at the 1992 winter olympics in albertville , france .
real algebraic geometry is the study of the real point of algebraic variety .
paget 's disease of the breast is a type of cancer of the breast .
the port of durrës ( ) is the largest seaport of albania .
the hockanum river is a river in connecticut .
menan is a city in jefferson county , idaho , united state .
the music video was also released on the disney channel .
hazen is a city in mercer county , north dakota , united state .
the nebraska army national guard is a group of army national guard unit in the u.s. state of nebraska .
sungurlare municipality ( , ) is a municipality in burgas province , bulgaria .
galicianism is a regionalist political movement in galicia .
bladensburg is a town in prince george 's county , maryland .
lincoln is a town in middlesex county , massachusetts .
oc transpo operates a light rail metro system in ottawa .
the sava is the longest river in bosnia and herzegovina .
marken was an island in the zuiderzee .
joshua tree national park is an american national park in southeastern california , east of los angeles and san bernardino , near palm spring .
nowadays the taymyr gulf is part of the great arctic state nature reserve , the largest nature reserve of russia .
bridge city is a city in orange county , texas , united state .
the larva feed on `` craibia brevicaudata '' .
a `` squall line '' is an organized line of thunderstorm .
donald is located along the route of the oregon electric railway .
jackson township is one of nine township in spencer county , indiana .
whiteadder water is a river in east lothian and berwickshire , scotland .
blaine county is one of the nation 's most consistent long-term bellwether county .
the nearest mtr station is jordan station .
eclipse award for outstanding breeder is an american thoroughbred horse racing honor for breeder .
the ballymena and larne railway was a narrow gauge railway in county antrim , northern ireland .
minchinbury is the type location of the minchinbury sandstone .
jerash is the second favorite tourist destination in jordan .
noetherian ring are named after emmy noether .
the national unity party ( , ubp ) is a national-conservative political party in northern cyprus .
captain general henry o'donnell commanded the spanish army of catalonia .
james mill and david ricardo restated and developed say 's law .
cockrell hill is a city in dallas county , texas , united state .
the lower eis valley railway also branches off the palatine northern railway in grünstadt .
mainstone is a civil parish in shropshire , england .
delebio borders the following municipality : andalo valtellino , colico , dubino , pagnona , piantedo , premana , rogolo .
north star is a village in darke county , ohio , united state .
temple sowerby is a village and civil parish in cumbria , northern england .
swaminarayan returned to gadhada with the poet ladudan .
community radio station life fm is based in sale .
rosalie is a former suburb of brisbane , queensland , australia .
russell is a town in bayfield county , wisconsin , united state .
talamanca is a canton in the limón province of costa rica .
in the california state legislature , belmont is in , and in .
harmony is an unincorporated community in jefferson county , illinois , united state .
calcisiltite is the carbonate equivalent of siltstone .
arakan ( or ) is a historic coastal region in southeast asia .
the anahim volcanic belt is an east–west line of volcano .
chaska is a city in carver county , minnesota , united state .
gilbert is a town in searcy county , arkansas , united state .
mercedes paz defeated ann grossman 6–2 , 6–3
science fiction will sometimes address the topic of religion .
tidewater community college has four campus :
the birger sandzén memorial gallery is located in lindsborg in mcpherson county , kansa .
brofodoumé is a sub-prefecture in south-eastern ivory coast .
young taught that in the war in heaven , both cain and abel were leader .
harmony township is a township in susquehanna county , pennsylvania , united state .
la habra height is a city in los angeles county , california , united state .
knockando ( ) is a village in moray , scotland .
ocean acidification result from increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide .
the heron pond – little black slough nature preserve lies to the east of cypress .
manisa province ( ) is a province in western turkey .
hampton high school is a high school in hampton , tennessee .
thyatira is mentioned twice in the new testament .
glen canyon park is a city park in san francisco , california .
ranga nath poudyal atri met bhimsen thapa in benares ( varanasi ) .
halsey is a city in linn county , oregon , united state .
lubuklinggau , is a city in south sumatra , indonesia .
pope paul vi established it as titular church on 30 april 1969 .
taipei city council ( ) is the city council of taipei , republic of china .
the church of santa engrácia ( , ) is a 17th-century monument in lisbon , portugal .
geoffrey of monmouth writes of caerleon in the mid 12th century :
dikwa is a local government area of borno state , nigeria .
lra commander vincent otti and sam kolo participated on behalf of joseph kony .
malvern well is a centre of commercial bottling of malvern water .
colwyn is a borough in delaware county , pennsylvania , united state .
sébastien lareau / jeff tarango defeated joshua eagle / andrew florent 6–3 , 6–2
it is also found in fiji , andaman island and american samoa .
the 63 building was built as a landmark for the 1988 summer olympics .
theoretical computer science includes computability theory , computational complexity theory , and information theory .
tanout is a town in southern niger .
the andean volcanic belt is a major volcanic belt along the andean cordillera in argentina , bolivia , chile , colombia , ecuador , and peru .
johnsburg lies within the watershed of the fox river .
ghana is a sovereign country in west africa .
waldo township was organized from part of fairview township in 1904 .
tehachapi municipal airport is in tehachapi , kern county , california .
lebanon is the most religiously diverse country in the middle east .
anycast is supported explicitly in ipv6 .
sparta was an oligarchy .
however , the treaty of belgrade of 1739 again yielded oltenia to wallachia .
the lander and bus continued on into heliocentric orbit .
allur was also originally part of nellore taluk .
rubkona county is an administrative division of northern liech , south sudan .
the whig party evolved from the national republican party and these minor party .
lesnewth lies within the cornwall area of outstanding natural beauty ( aonb ) .
the city is in the local government area of the city of albany .
carrickfergus , drogheda , galway and kilkenny became part of administrative county .
peugeot lost its manufacturer crown to citroën .
the encyclical includes the prayer of consecration to the sacred heart composed by leo xiii .
the most noble order of the garter is a british order of chivalry .
the lusatian lake district and spreewald are also near schwarzheide .
african barbet are part of the lybiidae family .
rome became a major gastronomical centre during ancient rome .
mount hobson is named after captain william hobson .
dörtyol ( ) is a city in hatay province , turkey .
westby is a city in vernon county , wisconsin , united state .
the partition function formula_10 counts the number of partition .
the helical railgun is a cross between a railgun and a coilgun .
president antanas smetona and minister of defense kazys musteikis fled to nazi germany .
knox county lies along the north line of nebraska .
ratyan was an opposition-held town from early in the syrian civil war .
at , mount jefferson is the second tallest mountain in oregon .
the brazilian navy operated one , , formerly the french navy 's .
phylloxeridae is part of the order hemiptera and suborder sternorrhyncha .
wang nan attended 2003 world table tennis championship in paris .
the fv438 swingfire was an armoured anti-tank vehicle of the british army .
negrași is a commune in argeș county , muntenia , romania .
rosh pinah belongs to the oranjemund electoral constituency .
dhalgren is a 1975 science fiction novel by american writer samuel r. delany .
the university of wyoming college of law has many alumnus wyoming supreme court judge and 10th circuit judge .
proton therapy is a type of external beam radiotherapy that uses ionizing radiation .
hitchcock county is a county in the u.s. state of nebraska .
postpartum psychosis is also a causative factor of infanticide .
sunset valley is a city in travis county , texas , united state .
gradski stadion sinj is a football stadium in sinj , croatia .
linn grove is a city in buena vista county , iowa , united state .
washington county is a county in the u.s. state of indiana .
conker is a series of platform video game created by rare .
new technology high school is a secondary school located in napa , california .
maxwell school ( ) is an all-boys secondary school , located north of kuala lumpur .
since 1993 , darkthrone have been a duo of fenriz and nocturno culto .
union hill is a village in kankakee county , illinois , united state .
nahan is also part of shimla lok sabha constituency .
savoy cabbage is a winter vegetable and one of several cabbage variety .
grand isle county is part of the burlington metropolitan area .
adana şakirpaşa airport serves the province of mersin , adana and osmaniye .
world number 118 james cahill defeated world number 11 david gilbert 6–4 .
jelsa is a former municipality in rogaland county , norway .
park hill school district operates park hill south high school at riverside .
the division later moved to assam and fought in the battle of kohima .
during the summer the vleeshuis organizes carillon concert in the cathedral of our lady .
handley page limited was a british aerospace manufacturer .
de kalb is the home of former lieutenant governor of mississippi eddie briggs .
gneiss of archean and proterozoic age occur in the baltic shield .
central córdoba played in argentine primera división in 1958 and 1959 .
hough is a civil parish in cheshire east , england .
the east timor–indonesia border is the international border between east timor and indonesia .
british columbia highway 3a bisects the park east of nelson .
cărpiniș ( ) is a commune in timiș county , romania .
ren21 facilitates the collection of information on renewable energy .
the glooscap trail is a scenic roadway in the canadian province of nova scotia .
brian paulson was hired to audio engineer the album .
legal separation does not automatically lead to divorce .
the sardar vallabhbhai patel indoor stadium is an indoor sport arena , in mumbai , maharashtra .
the dolmabahçe mosque is a mosque in istanbul , turkey .
for a black body , planck 's law gives :
diyun being the stronghold of the chakmas and chowkham to the khamptis .
uzbekistan competed at the 2004 summer paralympics in athens , greece .
mount ascutney is a mountain in the u.s. state of vermont .
a common-law lien is a very limited type of security interest .
the hyundai motor group consists of 42 subsidiary and is the second largest chaebol in south korea .
the parish was in the rural deanery of roding and the diocese of st albans .
canby is a census-designated place in modoc county , california .
fluoride therapy is the use of fluoride for medical purpose .
romania–sri lanka relation are the foreign relation between romania and sri lanka .
rani ki vav is located in patan , patan district , gujarat , india .
the national autonomous university of mexico ( , unam ) is a public research university in mexico .
the 2002 pacifica cup took place in apia , samoa .
ingleton is a civil parish .
belarus is a member of the eurasian economic union .
bamfurlong is within the ward of abram .
kwabenya is the location of the ghana atomic energy commission .
lake seminole extends upstream along the chattahoochee river for and up the flint river for .
over the year mount cook airline served many destination throughout new zealand , including :
aktobe is the capital city of aktobe region .
sn 2008d is a supernova detected with nasa 's `` swift '' x-ray space telescope .
jim steinman produced the track , with steven rinkoff and roy bittan as co-producers .
drum line can result in the death of shark and bycatch .
kerugoya is the biggest town in kirinyaga county .
maral and maralik are common feminine name in the armenian diaspora .
toccopola is a town in pontotoc county , mississippi , united state .
boris becker defeated marc rosset 6–3 , 7–5
indiana state road 37 connects the county to bloomington and indianapolis .
like most insect , head louse are oviparous .
in 1986 ny waterway restarted ferry service across the hudson river .
in the california state legislature , cartago is in , and .
some version suggest prince vijaya is the grandson of sinhabahu .
emmet is a village in holt county , nebraska , united state .
chinese taipei participated in the 2006 world baseball classic .
plymouth citybus is a bus operator in plymouth .
oldham county high school ( ochs ) is a public high school in buckner , kentucky , united state .
many herbaceous plant also inhabit the mountain .
new york state route 336 is a short east-west highway between mcdougall and fayette .
piegaro borders the following municipality : città della pieve , marsciano , montegabbione , monteleone d'orvieto , paciano , panicale , perugia , san venanzo .
port aransas is the only established town on mustang island .
sandusky is home to the cedar fair entertainment company and its flagship amusement park , cedar point .
ragtime composer scott joplin lived in st. louis and sedalia .
mount lebanon is mentioned in the old testament numerous time .
cyanamide is an organic compound with the chemical formula cnitrogenh .
oestrike stadium is a stadium in ypsilanti , michigan at eastern michigan university .
mary joe fernández defeated mary pierce 6–4 , 6–2
partial derivative can be defined with respect to each variable :
westmont is a borough in cambria county , pennsylvania , united state .
westchester avenue parallels the bruckner expressway until their junction at pelham bay park .
ukraine also established an order of princess olga in 1997 .
plumper cove marine provincial park is a provincial park in british columbia , canada .
`` supernatural '' also won a grammy award in 1999 for grammy award for album of the year .
saint ann 's bay is a settlement in jamaica , the capital of saint ann parish .
mularaja ( ) was the founder of the chaulukya dynasty of india .
the down district council area consisted of 4 electoral area : ballynahinch , downpatrick , newcastle and rowallane .
cashmere is a suburb in the moreton bay region , queensland , australia .
trujillo alto sits on the northern coastal plain region of puerto rico .
the boardman river dam removal project is a dam removal project in grand traverse county , michigan .
auxvasse creek is a tributary to the missouri river .
the prayer is fixed by the chief rabbinate of israel , along with the prayer for the welfare of the state of israel .
expert system also focused on more limited implementation of logic .
many older video game console used memory card to hold saved game data .
nim can interface with the lua , julia , rust ,
taylor is a suburb in gungahlin , canberra , australia .
fort sam houston is a u.s. army post in san antonio , texas .
paulstown parish is in the roman catholic diocese of kildare and leighlin .
the supreme court of afghanistan or stera mahkama ( ) is the court of last resort in afghanistan .
kataklysm is a canadian death metal band .
the m37 highway is a highway in turkmenistan .
the crooked lake canal was a canal in western new york , united state .
`` mastigodryas boddaerti '' occurs in bolivia , brazil , colombia , ecuador , french guiana , guyana , peru , trinidad and tobago , and venezuela .
hewlett harbor is a village in nassau county , new york in the usa .
georgia 's main and largest technical university , georgian technical university , is in tbilisi .
the cornwall railway linked plymouth with falmouth .
nhial deng nhial completed his early education at comboni college in khartoum , sudan .
salt lake stadium or vivekananda yuva bharati krirangan is a multipurpose stadium in bidhannagar , kolkata , west bengal , with a current capacity of 85,000 .
khar turan national park or touran wildlife refuge is a national park in iran .
k-141 is not included in the national highway system .
maternal feminism combines the concept of maternalism and feminism .
in 1991 , mundelein college became an affiliated college of loyola university chicago .
john alexander / john fitzgerald defeated tom gullikson / johan kriek 7–5 , 6–4
in late 1846 , general stephen w. kearny began his march west to california .
a bunt is another form of batting .
child 's hospital los angeles has a bridge across sunset boulevard .
spring bluff is a rural locality in the toowoomba region , queensland , australia .
two new york city subway corridor serve the upper west side .
san bartolomeo val cavargna borders the following municipality : carlazzo , cusino , garzeno , san nazzaro val cavargna .
rumsey is an unincorporated community in mclean county , kentucky , united state .
the highland main line is a railway line in scotland .
nagod was formerly the capital of a princely state of british india , nagod state .
serramezzana is a town and `` comune '' in the province of salerno in
ascii was developed from telegraph code .
new malden is a suburb of south-west london , england .
the democratic party ( dp ) is a conservative political party in kenya .
saint jacques street became the most important economic centre of the dominion of canada .
dungarpur district lie in southern rajasthan on the border with gujarat .
moga is a city in the indian state of punjab .
franklin county lies on the south line of nebraska .
montevideo is a city in chippewa county , minnesota , united state .
medinah was the venue for the ryder cup in 2012 .
juan martín del potro is an excellent example of an eastern forehand user .
head constable is a title for a police sergeant in some commonwealth police force .
the microsoft .net compact framework is a sub-library of .net framework .
the premier league of belize is the top football league in belize .
thondayad junction is an important intersection in kozhikode .
the group moved to austin and jimmie vaughan 's younger brother stevie ray vaughan joined on bass and bill campbell on drum .
baoding is home to hebei university , north china electric power university with other 3 university and 12 college .
central lancashire is an area of lancashire , england .
the regiment subsequently saw action at battle of chancellorsville and battle of gettysburg .
2014 fifa world cup fan fests took place in 12 host city : rio de janeiro , sao paulo , brasília , belo horizonte , cuiabá , curitiba , fortaleza , manaus , natal , porto alegre , salvador and recife .
wallowa county is part of the eight-county definition of eastern oregon .
digital vein is the fourth studio album by american singer-songwriter david cook .
pakokku port is a major port of magway region .
royan is located on the southern caspian sea coast .
jennings is a town in hamilton county , florida , united state .
rán receives a single mention in `` völsunga saga '' .
today , sichuan university is the largest and most comprehensive university in western china .
qatar and turkey share similar position on the syrian civil war .
brookdale community college is a public community college in lincroft , new jersey .
the transept have corner pinnacle .
at yeongsan the battle of yongsan was an engagement in the korean war .
the remix is a remix album by american singer lady gaga .
bude is served by the franklin county school district .
one alumnus , joyce c. stearns , became an atomic scientist and worked on the manhattan project .
in statistic , a univariate distribution is a probability distribution of only one random variable .
the moreton bay settlement became brisbane , the capital of queensland , australia .
tianshui was a jumping off spot for commerce with tibet .
one may argue that kaleerwe is part of bwaise .
the e band is in the ehf range of the radio spectrum .
erlotinib is an epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor ( egfr inhibitor ) .
homer watson died in doon on may 30 , 1936 .
victor babeș died on 19 october 1926 in bucharest .
both pri and the museum of the earth are formally affiliated with cornell university .
hong kong fourth division league was a division of the hong kong football association in hong kong .
dogondoutchi is a department of the dosso region in niger .
veitvet is a neighborhood in the bjerke borough of oslo , norway .
the 1st-century latin writer gaius julius hyginus describes her as a child of gaia and aether .
classical guitar string are string manufactured for use on classical guitar .
dağpazarı is a part of mut district of mersin province .
warlock dubs the group the infinity watch .
elizabethtown is in the east-central part of essex county .
spur 140 is located in borger .
the sultan ismail petra airport serves kota bharu in malaysia .
in 2002 , colm o'gorman settled near gorey , county wexford .
ca township is one of twelve township in dubois county , indiana .
chichester lies fully within the merrimack river watershed .
tai wai station is on the east rail line and the tuen ma line of the mtr .
tionesta township took its name from tionesta creek .
layang layang aerospace operates nomad n22c aircraft to and from kota kinabalu international airport .
pound hill is located on the east of crawley .
civil law is a major branch of the law .
camp county is in texas .
st serf 's inch or st serf 's island is an island in loch leven , in south-eastern perth and kinross , scotland .
nuapada is a district in odisha state in india .
pani , burkina faso is a village in the pompoï department of balé province in southern burkina faso .
marina erakovic / michaëlla krajicek defeated mădălina gojnea / monica niculescu , 7–6 , 6–0
the 2012 north american soccer league season was the 45th season of division ii soccer in the united state and the second season of the revived north american soccer league .
in italian and spanish playing card , the king immediately outranks the knight .
tuyserkan county ( ) is a county in hamadan province in iran .
kristianstad arena is a hall for handball match and public event in kristianstad , sweden .
the laguna diversion dam is a rock-filled diversion dam on the colorado river .
champlain is a village in clinton county , new york , united state .
tamayo is a city and a municipality in the baoruco province of the dominican republic .
serangoon harbour is part of the strait of johor .
livermore high school was the first high school in livermore , and rival granada .
linn creek is a city in camden county , missouri , united state .
abanindranath tagore ( 1871–1951 ) is a singular figure in modern indian art .
attie van heerden was a pupil at paarl gimnasium school in paarl , western cape province , south africa .
yeşilovacık ( former hacıisaklı ) is a town in mersin province , turkey .
merritt college is a public community college in oakland , california .
nearly all organism have some kind of immune system .
digital cable is the distribution of cable television using digital video compression for distribution .
peintre celebre came from a line of outstanding thoroughbred .
the genesis creation narrative is the creation myth of both judaism and christianity .
seminole is a city in seminole county , oklahoma , united state .
according to the secretary of state of california , as of october 22 , 2012 , san anselmo has 8,622 registered voter .
steel magnolia is the self-titled and only studio album from country music duo steel magnolia .
methanediol is a product of the hydration of formaldehyde .
donald johnson / jared palmer defeated tommy robredo / fernando vicente 7–6 , 6–4
palermo plays its home match at stadio renzo barbera .
an economic system is a type of social system .
the salt spring island monetary foundation backs the currency with canadian dollar .
potassium silicate is the name for a family of inorganic compound .
saltillo lies in the chihuahuan desert near the city of arteaga .
coolidge and hershel w. williams are the only living medal of honor recipient from world war ii .
fulufjället national park is in älvdalen municipality in dalarna county , southwest of särna .
silvija talaja was the defending champion but lost in the quarterfinal to silvia farina elia .
bertonico border the following municipality : ripalta arpina , moscazzano , montodine , turano lodigiano , castiglione d'adda , gombito , terranova dei passerini .
dynkin diagram lead to a classification of root system .
brisbane is part of the south-east queensland region .
major general is a higher rank than brigadier , but lower than lieutenant general .
the constitution also proclaimed josip broz tito president for life .
jurish is a located southeast of nablus .
juan martín del potro defeated richard gasquet 6–4 , 7–5
its natural habitat are sandy area of grassland .
american gothic rock began with 45 grave and christian death .
suffix array are closely related to suffix tree :
montpelier is part of east central indiana and northern indiana .
afterwards , green arrow proposes marriage to black canary .
randy orton continued his feud with the mcmahon family , after no way out .
ramsey is a borough in bergen county , new jersey , united state .
both the state of veracruz and puebla depend on pico de orizaba for supplying fresh water .
the supai group is on the upper platform of the redwall limestone .
longstreet is a village in desoto parish , louisiana , united state .
computer monitor can use even greater display resolution .
the church is in the deanery of malltraeth , the archdeaconry of bangor and the diocese of bangor .
the piccadilly line is integrated into the transport for london fare system .
under the joint comprehensive plan of action , nuclear program of iran has agreed to implement its protocol provisionally .
the 1817 treaty of titalia restored kurseong to sikkim .
northern ireland remains part of the united kingdom .
the 24th new zealand parliament commenced with the coalition of the united party and the reform party .
union county was created in 1921 from part of bradford county .
jamaal charles rushed for 161 yard and two touchdown .
new hutton is a village and civil parish in south lakeland , cumbria , england .
boston is a city in thomas county , georgia , united state .
the victorian village is located in the eastern quadrant of downtown memphis .
bartłomiej heberla played for poland in european team chess championship :
davenham is a civil parish in cheshire west and chester , england .
the nalchik ( ) is a river in kabardino-balkaria , russia .
guiseley was an ancient parish in the west riding of yorkshire from the 12th century .
muhammad ali jinnah had developed a close association with the ulama .
tooele county lies on the west side of utah .
grobelno ( ) is a settlement in eastern slovenia .
grapefruit juice is the juice from grapefruit .
mount sterling is a village in madison county , ohio , united state .
lunn lost to green party leader elizabeth may , and the new democratic party won the other three seat .
scott davis / david pate defeated jim grabb / leonardo lavalle 6–2 , 6–3
la quinta is the only school in the coachella valley with a rugby union program .
american tragedy redux is the first remix album by american rap rock band hollywood undead .
a connection form associate to each basis of a vector bundle a matrix of differential form .
commercial bank of africa ( tanzania ) ( cbat ) is a commercial bank in tanzania .
`` rolling stone '' writer jody rosen cited it as t.i .
low brunton is in the parliamentary constituency of hexham .
sidney is northeast of billing , and south of regina , saskatchewan .
the central bank of ireland is the sole irish printer of euro banknote .
joseph is a city in wallowa county , oregon , united state .
leaf and flower grow from bud on top .
liloan lies within metro cebu .
fort cobb is a town in caddo county , oklahoma , united state .
the byzantine empire was the last bastion of christendom .
andrey golubev was the defending champion , but lost to philipp kohlschreiber in the first round .
williamson county is included in the carbondale-marion , il metropolitan statistical area .
balhae also increased diplomacy and trade with japan .
parker township is a township in butler county , pennsylvania , united state .
eau claire took its name from eau claire county .
ty dillon pitted from the lead on lap 129 and handed the lead to michael mcdowell .
tunisian president zine el abidine ben ali fled to saudi arabia on 14 january 2011 following the tunisian revolution protest .
vajrayana buddhism is the state religion of bhutan .
the eastern lancaster county school district ( `` elanco '' ) is a school district in lancaster county , pennsylvania .
north myrtle beach is located in eastern horry county .
diesel locomotive use a diesel engine as the prime mover .
cochrane is a town in northeastern ontario , canada .
the local association football club , nk gradina , plays in the first league of the federation of bosnia and herzegovina .
washington court house also easily receives radio and television station from dayton and cincinnati .
this group 4 halide contains hafnium in the +4 oxidation state .
van halen ii is the second studio album by american hard rock band van halen .
magadan is the largest city and the capital of magadan oblast .
r doradus is one of the many variable star in dorado .
montville is a rural town and locality in the sunshine coast region , queensland , australia .
without tbr1 , neuron fail to migrate properly .
histamine also promotes angiogenesis .
the neighbouring borough ( gmina ) are chelmek , libiąż , and the gmina of oświęcim .
rishton is a small town in hyndburn , lancashire , england .
the r395 regional road link delvin to edgeworthstown in county longford .
bedfont is a suburb in the london borough of hounslow , approximately west of charing cross .
the 1st airlanding brigade took part in operation ladbroke and the 1st parachute brigade in operation fustian .
the anglican communion distinguishes between full communion and intercommunion .
blackpool pleasure beach is in the heart of south shore .
velva is a city in mchenry county , north dakota , united state .
lensky district remained in arkhangelsk oblast ever since .
morben is a hamlet in northern powys , wale .
queensborough community college team participate as a member of the national junior college athletic association ( njcaa ) .
volcanic rock in both complex belong to the tholeiitic magma series .
horticulture primarily differs from agriculture in two way .
both mexico and western sahara were once part of the spanish empire .
cedar city is the largest city in iron county , utah , united state .
harshit saxena lives in mumbai since 2007 .
fungi , animal and plant are example of kingdom of organism within the eukaryote .
where is newton 's gravitational constant and is the speed of light .
in 1890 , the beiyang fleet visited hong kong .
air malta became malta bargain ' carrier of passenger between the uk and malta .
in 1936 , the 1936 democratic national convention was held in philadelphia .
viper kristiansand is a handball club from kristiansand , norway .
thelma coyne long / nancye wynne bolton defeated mary bevis / joyce fitch 6–3 , 6–3
latria also applies to the eucharist and eucharistic adoration .
peover superior is a civil parish in cheshire east , england .
this body whorl descends deeply toward the aperture .
ashville is located in northeastern cambria county .
north korea maintains an embassy in singapore .
robert lutz / stan smith defeated heinz günthardt / pavel složil 6–1 , 6–2
mesopotamia was one of the earliest river valley civilization , starting to form around 4000 bce .
blejoi is a commune in prahova county , muntenia , romania .
coplay creek joins the lehigh at hokendauqua in lehigh county .
the new york city department of education operates the following public school in stapleton :
domain are divided into kingdom .
union hill is a historic district of richmond , virginia .
new hampshire route 25 leads west towards tamworth and moultonborough .
consider two independent random variable formula_27 with probability mass function formula_28 and formula_29 respectively .
the north sea lies to the west of the island and the hjeltefjorden .
chicago avenue is a street in chicago , illinois .
ebensburg is located in a rich bituminous coal region .
westgarth is a locality in melbourne , victoria , australia .
pecopteris is a very common form genus of leaf .
gare habib bourguiba monastir is the main railway station in monastir , tunisia .
wilsonville is a city primarily in clackamas county , oregon , united state .
tenaha is a town in shelby county , texas , united state .
kenya–sierra leone relation are bilateral relation between kenya and sierra leone .
district 1 is located towards the center of ho chi minh city .
common law offence are crime under english criminal law and the related criminal law of other commonwealth country .
lake ewauna is a reservoir in klamath fall , oregon .
arock is an unincorporated community in malheur county , oregon , united state .
villa levelled just before half time when kyle walker crossed in for darren bent .
the tensor product of commutative algebra is of constant use in algebraic geometry .
jeremy bentham wrote extensively on the psychological underpinnings of utility .
seymour is a city in wayne county , iowa , united state .
cedar ridge school district ( crsd ) is a public school district in independence county , arkansas , united state .
akron quickly formed jedds with springfield , coventry , and copley township .
many cellulosic biomass material produce methane naturally .
this toll road is part of the jakarta outer ring road 2 .
laboral kutxa is a basque credit union .
the discovery bay site would eventually become the permanent campus of discovery college .
the snowman is a fictional supervillain in batman comic .
each goat gives off about a pound of fiber .
roxheim lies on the katzenbach north of the nahe .
kalagi is a town in mukono district in the central region of uganda .
in the united state house of representative , ashland is part of wisconsin 's 7th congressional district .
the 147th meridian west forms a great circle with the 33rd meridian east .
barre is a town in worcester county , massachusetts , united state .
morrow point reservoir is an 817-acre artificial reservoir on the gunnison river in western colorado .
kirkby is a town in the metropolitan borough of knowsley , merseyside , england .
czechoslovakia was the only democracy in central europe during the interwar period .
as of 2014 , iphone and ipad arikara language apps are available .
human , squid , mushroom , and vascular plant are example of multicellular organism that differentiate specialized tissue and organ during development .
boron is a useful dopant for such semiconductor as silicon , germanium , and silicon carbide .
pennsylvania state senate district 31 includes part of cumberland county and york county .
multilinear principal component analysis ( mpca ) is a multilinear extension of principal component analysis ( pca ) .
hydrogenation gives cyclohexylamine .
tromello borders the following municipality : alagna , borgo san siro , cergnago , gambolò , garlasco , mortara , ottobiano , san giorgio di lomellina , valeggio .
the capsule may be the longest in the genus .
the state highway then reaches the community of ashton .
harrison township is a township in potter county , pennsylvania , united state .
their manager was larry rothschild .
cathcart cemetery also falls within the boundary of netherlee .
dignāga also influenced non-buddhist sanskrit thinker .
chapel hill is a suburb in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
superior court are the trial court of general jurisdiction in washington .
the original convention center or hall were in castle and palace .
soepomo died in surakarta on 12 september 1958 .
`` malibu '' is a song by american alternative rock band hole .
with a 60,720-seat capacity , the estadio benito villamarín is the home ground of real betis .
north andover is a town in essex county , massachusetts .
royalton is a village in franklin county , illinois , united state .
david j. burke and neal baer served as chief executive producer to replace robert palm .
in 1966 , the governor of wisconsin warren knowles appointed hanley to the wisconsin supreme court .
the heir apparent to the earldom uses the courtesy title lord keith of inverurie and keith hall .
amigaos and morphos are commercial proprietary operating system .
after the ring is destroyed , aragorn becomes king of arnor and gondor .
the 2015–16 shl season was the 41st season of the swedish hockey league ( shl ) .
henri testelin painted portrait of louis xiv and other important personality .
vellore is governed under a mayor and the vellore municipal corporation .
henley sits on the northern side of the parramatta river .
canal sur 2 is the second public television television channel from radio y televisión de andalucía ( rtva ) .
bubble tea cafés will frequently offer drink without coffee or tea in them .
del rio is an unincorporated community in cocke county , tennessee , united state .
the southern front became 4th ukrainian front on 20 october .
this family is within the clade euctenidiacea .
`` naruto '' video game have appeared for various console from nintendo , sony and microsoft .
according to jacques collin de plancy 's , belphegor was hell 's ambassador to france .
the 1974–75 cupa româniei was the 37th edition of romania 's most prestigious association football cup competition .
kuhsaran district ( ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in ravar county , kerman province , iran .
fædrelandsvennen is the main news paper in kristiansand and the kristiansand region .
israel–romania relation are foreign relation between israel and romania .
`` bothy culture '' is the second studio album by scottish celtic fusion artist martyn bennett .
byron black / wayne ferreira defeated goran ivanišević / brian macphie 6–2 , 7–6
vancouver international airport is an international airport in richmond , british columbia .
jaora is 34 km from district hq ratlam .
month later , sima shi deposed cao fang and replaced him with cao mao .
warrant officer fall in between non-commissioned and commissioned officer .
computational musicology is an interdisciplinary research area between musicology and computer science .
larnaca is home to the country 's primary airport , larnaca international airport .
when conquistador gonzalo jiménez de quesada arrived in suesca in march 1537 he founded the modern town .
fort supply lake , on wolf creek , lies in woodward county .
gabon telecom sa is the largest telecom company in gabon .
the congress socialist party ( csp ) was a socialist caucus within the indian national congress .
coonabarabran is the gateway to the warrumbungle national park and the pilliga forest .
augusta is an unincorporated community in central hampshire county , west virginia .
the republique and canton of geneva has 11 seat in the national council .
queen square is a key component of wood 's vision for bath .
the fox chase line is a route of the septa regional rail ( commuter rail ) system .
hoyt is a city in jackson county , kansa , united state .
the sydney sixer play out of the sydney cricket ground , sydney .
the rameswaram tv tower is the tallest tower in india .
the indian coast guard has a station at new mangalore port .
in november , roderick strong issued an open challenge to the world for his roh world television championship .
huntington township is the oldest township in adams county .
pimlico state high school is an independent public high school in townsville , australia .
watsonville is a city in santa cruz county , california , united state .
weston is a village in marathon county , wisconsin , united state .
toroslar is a municipality and district governorate in greater mersin , turkey .
republican sinn féin continue their long standing policy of abstentionism .
san tin is located near lok ma chau .
most ilmenite is mined for titanium dioxide production .
the wakhan corridor forms the panhandle of afghanistan 's badakhshan province .
portugal is part of a constituency with albania , greece , italy , malta , and san marino .
by the second ratio test , the series will :
bhuvaneshvari created goddess durga shakti of shiva .
craven county is part of the new bern , nc , metropolitan statistical area .
thiourea is a reagent in organic synthesis .
old economy village is a historic settlement in ambridge , beaver county , pennsylvania , united state .
dendron is a town in surry county , virginia , united state .
pirithous chose persephone .
the river is the fifth studio album by american singer-songwriter bruce springsteen .
clarksville is a village in clinton county , ohio , united state .
the green line was a vulnerable point for both west and east beirut .
haberberg church was heavily damaged during the 1945 battle of königsberg .
the fuel cell he made used similar material to today 's phosphoric acid fuel cell .
chelyabinsk is the administrative center of the oblast .
alloy is an unincorporated community in fayette county , west virginia , united state .
the lumber river state park , of natural and scenic waterway , flows through lumberton .
the flemish government is the government of both the flemish community and the flemish region .
the menomonee river is one of three primary river in milwaukee , wisconsin .
ruth plumly thompson borrowed the plot of this novel for her 1937 oz book `` handy mandy in oz '' .
the sammarinese democratic socialist party ( , psds ) was a political party in san marino .
during the ceremony , representative of emperor charles v presented the king with the order of the golden fleece .
cao cao was a purported descendant of the western han dynasty chancellor cao shen .
none of mississippi highway 370 is included in the national highway system .
tathwell is a village in the east lindsey district of lincolnshire , england .
the exoskeleton or arthropod cuticle consists of chitin , a polymer of glucosamine .
red cabbage is often used raw for salad and coleslaw .
lolland-falster is a common term for the two island lolland and falster .
his son joy morton was the founder of the morton salt company , chicago , illinois .
the harrow fair is the oldest community fair in ontario .
gretna is a town in pittsylvania county , virginia , united state .
agattiyar and bogar were his guru .
the church is a blend of late gothic architecture and classical architecture .
the vatican city switched to the euro along with italy and san marino .
m. a. chidambaram stadium is a cricket stadium in chennai , tamil nadu , india .
tallegalla is a rural locality in the city of ipswich , queensland , australia .
ridgeside is located in southwestern hamilton county at .
madison lake is part of the le sueur river watershed .
the andaman and nicobar command manages indian engagement with regional navy of southeast asia .
raleigh is a village in saline county , illinois , united state .
the wolfram language is the programming language of mathematica .
in the california state senate , la cañada flintridge is in .
the taiwan provincial government was established in september 1945 , after the taiwan under japanese rule .
with the act of mediation in 1803 , the canton of baden was dissolved .
el jobean is an unincorporated community in charlotte county , florida , united state .
frenchtown is a borough in hunterdon county , new jersey , united state .
mckean township is a township in erie county , pennsylvania , united state .
prasterone may promote tamoxifen resistance in breast cancer .
darla becomes pregnant , a unique occurrence for a vampire .
bangalore district was a district in the state of karnataka , india .
ann jones / françoise dürr defeated margaret court / maria bueno 6–3 , 6–2
stevens township took its name from stevens county .
colquitt county is a county in the u.s. state of georgia .
borough market is a wholesale and retail market hall in southwark , london , england .
the 2020 atlantic hurricane season was the most active and the fifth costliest atlantic hurricane season on record .
martin verkerk defeated yevgeny kafelnikov 6–4 , 5–7 , 7–5
the largest mosaic is a representation of saint george and the dragon in the apse .
lake charles is a train station in lake charles , louisiana , united state .
marmande is a railway station in marmande , nouvelle-aquitaine , france .
gasport is east of the city of lockport .
then in 1965 chingford became part of the london borough of waltham forest .
nova scotia also has a well established maple syrup production .
veszprém county lies in western hungary .
anastasia myskina defeated amélie mauresmo 6–2 , 6–4
stetson is a town in penobscot county , maine , united state .
both sand and silt are mostly inert rock particle , including quartz , calcite , feldspar and mica .
the serra de sant pere mountain range rises on the western side of traiguera .
huron university college is an affiliated university college of the university of western ontario in london , ontario , canada .
enfield is a single-member electoral district for the south australian house of assembly .
pedavena borders the following municipality : feltre , fonzaso , sovramonte .
style and kurt angle continued after hard justice leading into no surrender .
in jiangdong , zhang zhao became an adviser to the rising warlord sun ce .
perch lake township is a township in carlton county , minnesota , united state .
chalakudy , kodungallur , perumbavoor and angamally were earlier part of the erstwhile mukundapuram lok sabha constituency .
field music is the full-length debut album by indie rock band field music .
sierra leone hotspot is a proposed hotspot in the atlantic ocean .
public law , criminal law and other federal law operate according to canadian common law .
st mary 's priory church , deerhurst , is the church of england parish church of deerhurst , gloucestershire , england .
virginia ruzici defeated helena suková 6–2 , 6–0
upland is a village in franklin county , nebraska , united state .
the 2011 cricket world cup was duly moved out of pakistan .
chubby carrier and the bayou swamp band is a zydeco band from louisiana founded by chubby carrier in 1989 .
at the 1904 summer olympics , a water polo tournament was contested .
( wool consists of keratin . )
codó is a city in the maranhão , brazil .
filter is a standard function for many programming language , e.g. ,
mount gretna is a borough in lebanon county , pennsylvania , united state .
the mount whitney trail starts at whitney portal .
buxton is a spa town in derbyshire , england .
wendy padbury makes her debut as zoe heriot in the season finale , `` the wheel in space '' .
amphibian are ectothermic , tetrapod vertebrate of the class amphibia .
leikanger ( ) is a former municipality in sogn og fjordane county , norway .
cricket , association football and kabaddi are very popular sport in saroke .
finnish spitz are independent , strong-willed , intelligent dog .
kottayam is a city in the indian state of kerala .
ross township is a township in allegheny county , pennsylvania , united state .
st monica 's old cathedral is a heritage-listed former roman catholic cathedral at minnie street , cairn , cairn region , queensland , australia .
so , synthetic division is based on horner 's method .
the baojun 310 is a subcompact car .
adbaston is a civil parish in the borough of stafford , staffordshire , england .
seaburn was a favourite place of the painter l. s. lowry .
a formate ( compound ) is a salt or ester of formic acid .
the song `` ziggy stardust '' is a cover of the david bowie song .
tony smith is a former coach of super league club wakefield trinity wildcat .
for her performance , kate reid was nominated for the drama desk award for outstanding actress in a play .
the northern territory is the most sparsely populated state or territory in australia .
the 116th meridian west forms a great circle with the 64th meridian east .
cyp1b1 belongs to the cytochrome p450 superfamily of enzyme .
ohioville is a borough in beaver county , pennsylvania , united state .
windham high peak is within new york 's catskill park .
the first one day international ( odi ) took place back on 27 october 1988 during the 1988 asia cup .
zetland is part of the green square district which is currently undergoing gentrification .
nashik has been the educational hub of north maharashtra .
cape coast is one of the most historical city in ghana .
eagle river is a city in vilas county , wisconsin , united state .
super bowl lv against the tampa bay buccaneer was the fifth meeting between mahomes and tom brady .
the allied 15th army group was under the command of general sir harold alexander .
local government in pennsylvania consists of five type of local government : county , township , borough , city , and school district .
crosby 's opera house ( 1865–1871 ) was an opera house in chicago , illinois , united state .
waco is a village in york county , nebraska , united state .
burnham is a village in cook county , illinois , united state .
conchita martínez defeated amanda coetzer 6–1 , 6–2
the cemetery is under monument and cultural heritage protection .
in 1962 , president john f. kennedy offered hayward four star and the job of deputy director of the central intelligence agency .
ashford hill is a village in basingstoke and deane , hampshire , england .
the siphon is the same colour as mantle .
after world war i , transylvania , bessarabia , banat , and bukovina united with the kingdom of romania .
john von neumann at the university of pennsylvania also circulated his `` first draft of a report on the edvac '' in 1945 .
the quabbin aqueduct carries water from the quabbin reservoir to the wachusett reservoir .
musella is an unincorporated community in crawford county , georgia , united state .
the maple river is an tributary of the le sueur river in southern minnesota in the united state .
rhogap domain is an evolutionary conserved protein domain of
venous stasis causes the pressure in vein to increase .
wen zhenheng was famous for his chinese calligraphy , chinese poetry and essay .
ivan lendl defeated steve denton 6–2 , 7–6
flakstad is a municipality in nordland county , norway .
bangladesh is a country in south asia .
the 95th meridian west forms a great circle with the 85th meridian east .
rio grande city is a city in and the county seat of starr county , texas .
delhi was capital of the mughal empire .
brock university is a public research university in st. catharines , ontario , canada .
transdev owned a 50 % share in connexxion .
the little bear river is a tributary of the bear river in northern utah in the united state .
malaysian airline system flight 684 was an international flight from singapore changi airport , singapore to subang international airport , kuala lumpur , malaysia .
fk teplice is an association football club from teplice , czech republic .
pierpont is a village in boone county , missouri , united state .
bailhongal is a taluk in belagavi district of karnataka state in southern india .
intravenous diazepam or lorazepam are first-line treatment for convulsive status epilepticus .
rho guanine nucleotide exchange factor 1 is guanine nucleotide exchange factor ( gef ) for the rhoa small gtpase protein .
during this period prince referred to his band as the revolution .
brick township is a township in ocean county , new jersey , united state .
the primitive cell is a fundamental domain with respect to translational symmetry only .
anglesea is a town in victoria , australia .
the high peak trail crosses the limestone way near harboro ' rock .
lilla edet is a locality and the seat of lilla edet municipality in västra götaland county , sweden .
clola is a hamlet in buchan , aberdeenshire , scotland .
in contemporary continental philosophy , edmund husserl defended the correspondence theory .
like other methylated xanthine derivative , aminophylline is both a
huaiyang cuisine ( ) is one of the four great tradition in chinese cuisine .
after the battle of chaeronea , philip ii of macedon entered the peloponnese .
kopranik is part of the prokletije range .
suse offer suse linux enterprise server and suse linux enterprise desktop .
wildfire infrequently occur in the florida scrub .
fc bayern munich won the match 5–1 against hertha bsc for their 4th title .
upon leaving west buffalo township , buffalo creek flows into buffalo township .
zopiclone is a sedative .
wang xifeng ( ) is one of the principal character in the classic 18th century chinese novel `` dream of the red chamber '' .
in 1840 , the first opium war led to hostility between england and china .
the wrightsville unit is an arkansas department of correction prison in wrightsville , arkansas .
at the outbreak of world war ii , the british indian army numbered 205,000 men .
naivasha airport is an airport in naivasha , kenya .
stephen hendry lost 11–13 to matthew stevens .
dillonvale is a village in jefferson county , ohio , united state .
la jara is in the san luis valley region of colorado .
moscow is a village in clermont county , ohio , united state .
in britain , the antiquarian john aubrey and william stukeley conducted early research into megalith .
by the mid-1990s , atlanta had become a controlling city in southern hip hop music .
`` big brother '' is a song by american hip-hop artist kanye west .
texas state technical college operates a branch campus in red oak .
ragnvald skrede was born in vågå in oppland county , norway .
luray is a city in russell county , kansa , united state .
wiesau is a river of bavaria , germany .
halmstad is the seat of halmstad municipality and the capital of halland county .
the texas department of criminal justice operates the lubbock district parole office in lubbock .
patella vulgata , common name the common limpet or common european limpet is a specie of sea snail .
spur 191 is located in spicewood .
u.s. highway 10 and minnesota state highway 25 are two of the main route in big lake .
not every wave function belongs to the hilbert space , though .
palín is a municipality in the escuintla department of guatemala .
cosford is a village in shropshire , england .
st vincent place is a heritage precinct in albert park , victoria , australia .
the dëshmorët e kombit boulevard ( ) is a major boulevard in tirana , albania .
the general instruction of the roman missal lays down the following rule for genuflection during mass :
bone implement or bone tool consisted of awl , point , needle , spatula and fish hook .
103 is the 27th prime number .
wygm is the flagship station for orlando magic basketball and the ucf knight .
the seattle city council is the legislative body of the city of seattle , washington .
some programming language have set among their builtin data structure .
boundary county was formed from bonner county in 1915 .
hammersley fork begins in central eulalia township , potter county , near the sinnemahoning creek watershed .
ravi coltrane is the son of saxophonist john coltrane and jazz harpist alice coltrane .
tāne mahuta is the most famous tree in new zealand , along with te matua ngahere .
yelninsky district was transferred to smolensk oblast .
chesham grammar school is a co-educational grammar school on white hill , chesham , buckinghamshire .
raszyn is a suburb of warsaw .
the atlin road is a road in british columbia and yukon , canada .
`` bad medicine '' is a song by american rock band bon jovi .
the kawich range lies to the northeast and the cactus range to the southwest .
jack mcbrayer played the naïve nbc page kenneth parcell .
the gibbs free energy is then formula_110the kullback-leibler divergence formula_111 between approximative and exact posterior plus the helmholtz free energy .
with his main army in scutari , kara mahmud pasha advanced to podgorica .
ogyen trinley dorje was enthroned at tsurphu monastery .
the long island maritime museum is located in west sayville , new york .
under president uhuru kenyatta , the jubilee alliance governed through a party coalition .
village zembrzyce is the oldest village of sucha beskidzka district .
udu is a local government area in delta state , nigeria .
villaconejos is a municipality of the community of madrid , spain .
its vertex figure is an irregular triangular bipyramid .
the cape smith belt is an early proterozoic thrust belt in northern quebec , canada .
hensall was historically part of the west riding of yorkshire .
heart is an american rock band from seattle , washington .
bipedalism also evolved independently among the dinosaur .
the kentucky governor 's mansion is a historic residence in frankfort , kentucky .
americium-241 often enters landfill from discarded smoke detector .
bengali cuisine is the only traditionally developed multi-course tradition from the indian subcontinent .
legionowo przystanek railway station is a railway station in legionowo , poland .
simpson is a village in milton keynes , england .
combe sydenham is an historic manor in somerset , england .
the torsion subgroup consists of the root of unity of .
webster is a village in monroe county , new york , united state .
qtractor is a hard disk recorder and digital audio workstation application for linux .
evin prison was constructed in 1972 under the reign of mohammad reza pahlavi .
their nest experience high predation rate .
colonel mckinley died in florida and is buried in arlington national cemetery .
dollar general corporation is an american chain of variety store headquartered in goodlettsville , tennessee .
loughor rfc is a member of the welsh rugby union and is a feeder club for the osprey .
nova scotia is canada 's second-smallest province in area , after prince edward island .
this fjord marks the northern boundary of king frederick viii land .
hofuf is one of the major cultural center in saudi arabia .
the old berrien county jail is a historic site in nashville , berrien county , georgia .
ranthambore national park is one of the largest national park in india .
the gas constant occurs in the ideal gas law , as follows :
vardar has a strong rivalry with kf shkëndija .
the hungary–romania border is the state border between hungary and romania .
eastover is a town in richland county , south carolina , united state .
rupert fletcher died on november 22 , 1974 , in independence .
esplanade de la défense ( ) is a station on paris métro line 1 on the outskirt of la défense on the border of courbevoie and puteaux .
burton fleming is a village and civil parish in the east riding of yorkshire , england .
the mercury prize are the annual award by the british phonographic industry and british association of record dealer .
in 1947 , the 15th punjab regiment was allocated to pakistan army .
yao chang founded the later qin in eastern gansu .
narrow neck is under the local governance of the auckland council .
eskişehirspor is a football club in eskişehir , turkey .
other protein secondary structure assignment category exist ( sharp turn , omega loop , etc .
the palais theatre is a significant music venue in nearby st kilda .
the asteroid was named after russian astronomer boris gerasimovich .
shortly afterwards , iron man came into conflict with madame masque once again .
angola , bahamas , botswana , brazil , burundi , cameroon , china , cuba , ghana , guyana , india , iraq , ivory coast , jamaica , lebanon , lesotho , mexico , mozambique , myanmar , namibia , papua new guinea , sri lanka , togo , uganda , vietnam , zaire .
the 2007 pacific hurricane season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation .
turkan mamedyarova played for azerbaijan in european team chess championship :
the duodenal bulb is the portion of the duodenum closest to the stomach .
the field dog stud book focuses on dog bred to perform in the field .
southlink operate depot in aldgate and mount barker .
common mafic rock include basalt , diabase and gabbro .
the valdivia river ends in corral bay , on the pacific coast .
restauration was a sloop built in 1801 , in hardanger , norway .
iran has an embassy in amman .
morse bluff is a village in saunders county , nebraska , united state .
the trillium cup is an annual rivalry between columbus crew sc and toronto fc .
triple h attacked michael with a sledgehammer .
the peace of vasvár recognised ottoman control over the eyalet .
ruckley and langley is a civil parish in shropshire , england .
zinc has 10 nuclear isomer .
viveiro 's is the oldest carnival in galicia .
archbald pothole state park is a pennsylvania state park in archbald , lackawanna county , pennsylvania .
the embassy of the united kingdom is located in dublin , ireland .
koi and common carp may also interbreed with goldfish to produce sterile hybrid .
this methyl group distinguishes 5-methylcytosine from cytosine .
the parkway is maintained by the new york city department of transportation .
horn island run for along the central part of the mississippi sound .
odisha is a land of temple and rayagada is no exception .
summit is a village in waukesha county , wisconsin , united state .
neutron star are detected from their electromagnetic radiation .
karaman eyalet ( ) was one of the subdivision of the ottoman empire .
the genus is in the caliciaceae family .
beytüşşebap , cizre , guclukonak , idil , silopi and uludere are the administrative district of şırnak .
vian is a town in sequoyah county , oklahoma , united state .
siberian ginseng or eleuthero ( `` eleutherococcus senticosus '' ) is another type of plant .
ann arbor is also road mile west of detroit .
palbociclib is indicated in hr+ , her2- metastatic breast cancer cell .
townsville correctional centre is an australian prison facility in stuart , townsville , queensland , australia .
peter von scholten is buried in assistens cemetery in copenhagen .
fc nyva myronivka was a ukrainian football club from myronivka , kyiv oblast .
wolfdietrich is the eponymous protagonist of the middle high german heroic epic `` wolfdietrich '' .
topsfield lies in the geographic center of essex county , massachusetts .
byfield is a locality in shire of livingstone , queensland , australia .
the geelong racecourse is a major regional horse racing venue in geelong , victoria , australia .
zhuge liang then led his force towards dian lake in triumph .
owen roberts international airport serf grand cayman with domestic and international flight .
rinchan became the ruler of kashmir for three year .
the black sea region ( ) is a geographical region of turkey .
illinois route 142 is a major arterial road in southeastern illinois .
the national council for the defense of democracy ( , cndd ) is a political party in burundi .
the harmattan carries dust during the winter into the gulf of guinea .
brp `` negros occidental '' ( ps-29 ) was a of the philippine navy .
vaduthala is a locaility in the city of kochi , india .
guyana has had a female president , janet jagan .
both cataphora and anaphora are type of endophora .
kallang basin ( ; ) is an enclosed bay in kallang , singapore .
with four event ( formula_13 ) , the chain rule is
jacobi form are a mixture of modular form and elliptic function .
kit hill is the highest point in the tamar valley area of outstanding natural beauty .
arenabowl xxiv was the 24th edition of the championship in the arena football league ( afl ) .
samaria is an unincorporated community in oneida county , idaho , united state .
the nave contains box pew .
the church of england parish church of saint peter is in upper wolvercote .
marshland st james is a civil parish in the english county of norfolk .
nepal were the best of the three associate team on display in group a of the 2014 icc world twenty20 .
fish river is a river in baldwin county , alabama .
st oswald 's church is in church road , worleston , cheshire , england .
wiconisco township is in the northern part of dauphin county .
dinarchus died at athens about 291 .
oklahoma city community college ( occc ) is a public community college in oklahoma city , oklahoma .
two pipe organ are installed in the cathedral .
lionel messi received the inaugural laliga award for best player from the liga nacional de fútbol profesional .
monkwearmouth is an area of sunderland , tyne and wear in north east england .
beaver area school district is a suburban , public school district in beaver county , pennsylvania .
bhanpura is north-east of mandsaur , and south of hinglajgarh and navali in mandsaur district .
army group b consisted of the 18th and 6th army .
meek mill picked it up and released it as the lead single from his debut album `` dream and nightmare '' .
tioga county is part of the binghamton , ny metropolitan statistical area .
during the wcw world television championship title match , rick steiner defeated booker t to win the title .
dayton is one of the smallest town in york county .
batavia ( now jakarta ) became a capital of the dutch east india company in the early 17th century .
dockton is an unincorporated community in king county , washington .
woodhouse park is an area of wythenshawe in south manchester , england .
the campeonato brasileiro série a is the professional association football league of brazil .
wesley township is located in will county , illinois .
boisar is located within the mumbai metropolitan region of maharashtra .
kenya–sri lanka relation are bilateral relation between kenya and sri lanka .
varner is an unincorporated community in lincoln county , arkansas , united state .
ladytron is the sixth studio album by english electronic music band ladytron .
magnetic tape revolutionized sound recording and reproduction and broadcasting .
this movement is in ternary form .
bandırma is a district of balıkesir province .
the attorney general of oklahoma is the state attorney general for the state of oklahoma .
according to the article fictitious force , the coriolis force is :
randolph is a city in fremont county , iowa , united state .
lorazepam has anxiolytic , sedative , hypnotic , amnesic , anticonvulsant , and muscle relaxant property .
notice that this matrix is in jordan normal form but is not diagonal .
bandar torkaman is a port on the caspian sea .
scotia is a town in hampton county , south carolina , united state .
folsom boulevard is a major east–west arterial in sacramento county , california in the united state .
firth is a city in bingham county , idaho , united state .
sublimation refers to evaporation from snow and ice .
berzano di tortona borders the following municipality : monleale , sarezzano , viguzzolo , and volpeglino .
aley green is a hamlet in bedfordshire , england .
carthage is a town in moore county , north carolina , united state .
zolochiv raion ( ) is a raion in lviv oblast in western ukraine .
negara means city in the balinese language .
dalgety bay is a commuter town of edinburgh .
frankfort is a village in the town of frankfort , herkimer county , new york , united state .
the aorere river is in the south island of new zealand .
liberty township is a township in warren county , new jersey , united state .
the british rail class 58 is a class of co-co diesel locomotive designed for heavy freight .
his victoria cross is displayed at the australian war memorial .
deomali is part of arunachal east lok sabha constitiency .
poso regency is a regency of central sulawesi province of indonesia .
throughout the caribbean , hurricane noel caused severe damage .
the hallstatt culture evolved into la tène culture in around the 5th century bc .
ahmad shah massoud was the only leader of the united front in afghanistan .
differential field are the object of study in differential galois theory .
xiang bo was from xiaxiang ( present-day suqian , jiangsu ) .
no popular programming language currently uses tombstone .
the river frome is a river in somerset , england .
the firmware is released under the gnu general public license .
some important vegetable oil are not seed oil , such as olive oil and peanut oil .
woolmer green is a small village and civil parish in hertfordshire , england .
australia competed at the 1988 summer olympics in seoul , south korea .
the chicago white sox finished 80–81 , six game behind the american league central division champion cleveland indian .
chadstone shopping centre is now part of malvern east .
the glebe is a neighbourhood in ottawa , ontario , canada .
black squirrel monkey are small primate .
the thälmann battalion was a battalion of the international brigade in the spanish civil war .
the lateral spinothalamic tract conveys pain and temperature .
iona lies about from the coast of isle of mull .
it is found on borneo , peninsular malaysia and bali .
knowledge is represented as statement .
the lightweight and welterweight final of `` the ultimate fighter : latin america 2 '' took place at the event .
volcán san pedro rise above lake atitlán northwest of volcán atitlán .
the order of omega was established in fall 1959 at the university of miami .
sop saudara is an indonesian spicy beef or buffalo soup specialty of makassar city , south sulawesi .
mountainburg is a town in crawford county , arkansas , united state .
mandurah is located in the swan coastal plain ecoregion .
operation vigorous was a westward convoy from alexandria run at the same time operation harpoon was an eastbound convoy operation from gibraltar .
linden is a town in cumberland county , north carolina , united state .
asika is a major commercial and transportation hub of ganjam district .
the diocese is part of the ecclesiastical province of roman catholic archdiocese of mobile .
every threshold graph is also a cograph .
shotwell stadium is primarily used for american football and soccer .
firefly is the sixth studio album by the norwegian hard rock band tnt .
port vue is a borough in allegheny county , pennsylvania , united state .
giulia casoni / janette husárová defeated katie schlukebir / meghann shaughnessy 7–6 , 7–5
balcatta is a suburb of perth , western australia .
wallaroo is about north of moonta and west of kadina .
prince emich carl died on 4 july 1814 and carl succeeded him as third prince of leiningen .
his astrological sign is sagittarius .
in the second match , edge faced matt hardy .
evolutionary game theory ( egt ) is the application of game theory to evolving population in biology .
lung carcinoid typically present with a cough or hemoptysis .
lilesville is a town in anson county , north carolina , united state .
michael the brave marched into transylvania to fight against the ottoman .
rociu is a commune in argeș county , muntenia , romania .
massachusetts 's 8th congressional district is located in eastern massachusetts , including part of boston .
the 37th/52nd battalion was an infantry battalion of the australian army .
the hiwassee river flows along the outskirt of hayesville .
byromville is a town in dooly county , georgia , united state .
rexburg is a city in madison county , idaho , united state .
wister is a neighborhood in northwest philadelphia , pennsylvania , united state .
bluffview is an upscale neighborhood in north dallas , texas ( usa ) .
moscow is serviced by the north pocono school district .
radioteletype evolved from these earlier landline teleprinter operation .
sloth bear may scavenge on tiger kill .
the norwegian directorate of election ( ) is a government agency subordinate the ministry of local government and regional development .
gaular is a former municipality in sogn og fjordane county , norway .
davidson is a town in south central saskatchewan , canada .
the trent and mersey canal pass through arleston .
kumkuyu is a town in mersin province , turkey .
apetina airstrip is an airstrip near the village apetina in suriname .
dorsey is an unincorporated community in madison county , illinois , united state .
the administrative centre of the municipality was the village of eydehavn .
the vice chief of the air staff is the second-highest ranking officer in the indian air force .
stromsburg is a city in polk county , nebraska , united state .
along with renal cell carcinoma , hepatocellular carcinoma is one of the tga-labelled indication for sorafenib .
marsham street is a street in the city of westminster in london , england .
1964 , winnipeg , manitoba ) is a crown prosecutor and private lawyer in victoria , british columbia .
`` armillaria ostoyae '' has a white spore print .
indore is the most populous city in madhya pradesh .
the 3rd division was a formation of the iraqi army .
evapotranspiration is an important part of the water cycle .
plumper cove marine provincial park is a provincial park in british columbia , canada .
trivandrum international airport is listed among the major airport of india .
hummingbird are a unique exception – the most accomplished hoverers of all bird .
cheondoism incorporates element of korean shamanism .
delaware township is a township in hunterdon county , new jersey , united state .
lake county lies on the north side of minnesota .
thornapple township is located in the northwest corner of barry county .
china claimed that tawang belonged to tibet .
the tower house sits on a drumlin .
tanda department is a department of gontougo region in zanzan district , ivory coast .
bass lake is a census-designated place in madera county , california .
alpha is in central west queensland .
where is the digamma function , the logarithmic derivative of the gamma function .
cassandra became a figure of epic tradition and of greek tragedy .
trinidad state junior college is a public community college in trinidad , colorado .
it allowed the industrial revolution to progress into the machine age .
deepwater creek is a stream in henry county in west central missouri .
holi falls in fagun and chhath fall in chait .
émilie loit / květa peschke defeated cara black / rennae stubbs 7–6 , 6–4
the maine republican party is an affiliate of the united state republican party in maine .
dendron is a town in surry county , virginia , united state .
in the spanish civil war , eibar was practically destroyed .
steven lo also owns horse in australia , new zealand , france , ireland and singapore .
the fundamental habitat structure begins with sediment .
ben rhydding is a village in the city of bradford , west yorkshire , england .
subsequently , the mind 's eye theatre was revamped for the new world of darkness .
lynn township is a township in lehigh county , pennsylvania , in the united state .
alamitos bay contains long beach marine stadium , created for olympic rowing event .
jagiellonian university is the oldest institution of higher education in poland .
the fort pitt tunnel is a vehicular tunnel under mount washington in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
the river is part of the brigalow belt and south east queensland bioregions .
jonestown is a city in travis county , texas , united state .
antónio de oliveira salazar appreciated póvoa de varzim and its people .
whitman is a town in plymouth county , massachusetts , united state .
tram i̇zmir is a tram network in i̇zmir , turkey .
some anesthetic include benzodiazepine and barbiturate .
south frontenac is a township in frontenac county in eastern ontario , canada .
the portuguese water dog is originally from the algarve region of portugal .
maitê proença was born in são paulo , brazil .
teenage country/pop singer taylor swift jumped 20 place to number two with `` love story '' .
thrombosis is the pathological development of blood clot .
this speaking tour ended after the attack on pearl harbor , and the america first committee was dissolved .
upland is a city in san bernardino county , california , united state .
spoked wheel are still popular on motorcycle and bicycle .
oak hill cemetery is located in lewistown .
ban 's twin brother ban chao was a famous military leader and explorer of central asia .
according to atomic energy of canada limited ( aecl ) , candu reactor could use 100 % mox core without physical modification .
pride park stadium and derby arena are both located in pride park .
sparta was the seat of ancient laconia .
chickasaw bayou derives its name from the chickasaw tribe .
valley is a city in chamber county , alabama , united state .
`` real time with bill maher '' premiered on february 21 , 2003 on hbo .
alloway township is a township in salem county , new jersey , united state .
li guang was the grandfather of general li ling who defected to the xiongnu .
raipur airport is the nearest airport from surajpur .
the ganglion contains postganglionic parasympathetic neuron .
douglas is an unincorporated community in olmsted county , minnesota , united state .
wrocław is the historical capital of silesia and lower silesia .
kosi division is an administrative geographical unit of bihar state of india .
brooklyn is an unincorporated community in schuyler county , illinois , united state .
west boylston was originally part of several neighboring town – lancaster , shrewsbury , boylston , holden and sterling .
this is the same mistake that enzo ferrari would make with ferruccio lamborghini .
mount washington is an area of northwest baltimore , maryland .
from 1918 , stříbro belonged to czechoslovakia .
earl of march secondary school is an ottawa-carleton district school board secondary school in ottawa , ontario , canada .
transcranial magnetic stimulation ( tm ) is essentially direct magnetic stimulation to the brain .
the surviving republican destroyer retreated toward casablanca .
imperial doom is the debut album by american death metal band monstrosity .
zhuge qiao died in 223 at the age of 25 ( by east asian age reckoning ) .
papineau is located in northeastern iroquois county at .
bangladesh has a resident embassy in oman .
lake taupo is a lake in the north island of new zealand .
andrea horwath , 46 , is the mpp for hamilton centre .
chhattisgarhi and hindi are the main spoken language in rajnandgaon .
mountain lake is a city in cottonwood county , minnesota , united state .
hvidovre is part of the copenhagen vestegn .
grovane is a village in vennesla municipality in agder county , norway .
in october 2007 , the parliament of singapore reviewed the penal code .
naolinco is a small city in veracruz , mexico .
goddess parvati is the consort of shiva .
lucania ( ) was a historical region of southern italy .
somtel provides service in all over somaliland .
charkhi dadri district is situated in south of haryana
isabella of france ( 1295 – 22 august 1358 ) was queen of england and the daughter of philip iv of france .
the 34th bomb squadron is part of the 28th bomb wing at ellsworth air force base , south dakota .
ripcord is the ninth studio album by new zealand-born australian country music singer keith urban .
colyton is a town in devon , england .
intercity train also stop in warburg .
forster square and bradford interchange station are part of the west yorkshire metro .
hope not hate have commented regularly on antisemitism allegation in the labour party .
the winner of the ukrainian championship and the ukrainian cup will participate in the ukrainian super cup .
modale is a city in harrison county , iowa , united state .
soil science has two basic branch of study : edaphology and pedology .
ajana is a townsite within the shire of northampton in western australia .
in mathematical logic , the object language is usually a formal language .
his uncle farell duclair played in the canadian football league .
taverne di corciano is a frazione in corciano , umbria , italy .
the open the freedom gate championship was the major title in the promotion dragon gate usa .
the lorain correctional institution is a state prison in grafton , ohio , united state .
ramsey windmill is a grade ii * listed post mill at ramsey , essex , england which has been restored .
graham became one of the original settler of nodaway county .
surface runoff is a major component of the water cycle .
moses wisner is interred at oak hill cemetery in pontiac .
adam clark square contains hungary 's zero kilometre stone .
myanmar has long been a major crossroad between china , tibet and india .
bauhaus was one of the formative gothic rock band .
burkeville is a town in nottoway county , virginia , united state .
shayetet 13 is the elite naval commando unit of the israeli navy .
cefn cribwr is a village and community in bridgend county borough in south wale .
hulmeville is a borough in buck county , pennsylvania , united state .
nagpur is a major education hub in central india .
herbaceous plant include graminoids , forbs , and fern .
together with herford , bad salzuflen belongs to conurbation of bielefeld .
baia sprie is situated at a distance of from baia mare .
numerous economically or medically significant organic compound are salt .
john mcenroe defeated phil dent 6–3 , 6–4
jalalpur bhattian located on its road leads to hafizabad .
ilorin became an emirate of the sokoto caliphate .
indio is in the colorado desert region of the sonoran desert .
champerty and maintenance are doctrine in common law jurisdiction that aim to preclude frivolous litigation :
his only surviving son , daniel parke custis , was the first husband of martha washington .
the western addition is a neighborhood in san francisco , california , united state .
the cloister is to the south of the choir .
in linear algebra and functional analysis , the partial trace is a generalization of the trace .
centurion park is a cricket ground in centurion , gauteng , south africa .
pardubice is served by pardubice airport .
areva also holds of 40 % stake in orano .
as with most assyrian folk dance , khigga assumes an open circular shape .
rowton is a civil parish in cheshire west and chester , england .
new hope lies at the confluence of yellow spring run and sleepy creek .
ozzy osbourne played the harmonica on some occasion with black sabbath .
bexley north is in the local government area of the bayside council .
recycling is also a source , mostly from scrapped catalytic converter .
the human rib cage is a component of the human respiratory system .
the papua new guinea university of technology ( unitech ) is a university in lae , morobe province of papua new guinea .
cleveland is a town in emery county , utah , united state .
face climbing is contrasted with crack climbing .
austria–italy relation are foreign relation between austria and italy .
through alabama , the dixie overland highway passed through livingston , selma , montgomery and tuskegee .
bharatpur district is a part of national capital region of india delhi .
washington township is the smallest of twelve township in harrison county , indiana .
leamington ( ) is a municipality in essex county , ontario , canada .
ofk petrovac plays its home game at stadion pod malim brdom , whose capacity is 1,630 seat .
historically , economic liberalism arose in response to mercantilism and feudalism .
ross township is a township in roseau county , minnesota , united state .
gloucester township is a township in camden county , new jersey , united state .
montechiaro d'asti borders the following municipality : camerano casasco , chiusano d'asti , cortanze , cossombrato , cunico , montiglio monferrato , soglio , and villa san secondo .
thrash metal evolved from speed metal , nwobhm and early hardcore punk at the beginning of the 1980s .
in 2010 jay rock signed a multi-album deal with strange music .
kutonen or vi divisioona is the seventh level in the finnish football league system and comprises 265 team .
hensbarrow beacon near stenalees is the highest point of the st austell down .
bennington county is a county in the u.s. state of vermont .
jefferson airplane was presented with the grammy lifetime achievement award in 2016 .
the 2nd mechanized infantry division is a division of the hellenic army .
guancheng subdistrict is the old town of dongguan city .
the integumentary system includes hair , scale , feather , hoof , and nail .
the incumbent chief justice is sundaresh menon .
montfort secondary school ( ms ) is a catholic school in hougang , singapore .
smithville is a village in wayne county , ohio , united state .
the santa rosa range runs through eastern humboldt county .
fall river county is a county in the u.s. state of south dakota .
the mismeasure of man is a 1981 book by paleontologist stephen jay gould .
the metabolic syndrome often presents with hyperuricemia .
the president 's bodyguard ( pbg ) is an elite household cavalry regiment of the indian army .
the bibliothèque municipale de lyon is a library in lyon , france .
stavrodromi was the seat of the municipality of tritaia .
sylvan lake is a city in oakland county in the u.s. state of michigan .
the bianca monticellana or capra bianca di monte san biagio is an indigenous breed of domestic goat from lazio in central italy .
bowery bay is a bay off the east river in new york city .
rockaway parkway is a major commercial street in the canarsie neighborhood of brooklyn , new york .
except for the sperm whale , most toothed whale are smaller than the baleen whale .
alexander field is a baseball venue in west lafayette , indiana , united state .
rocklea is a suburb in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
central point is a city in jackson county , oregon , united state .
the victorian ice hockey association is a branch of ice hockey australia .
great ponton railway station was a station on the east coast main line at great ponton , lincolnshire , england .
hurlock is a town in dorchester county , maryland , united state .
star band were the resident band of the upscale dakar miami club .
in the california state legislature , niland is in , and .
richard arkwright built cotton mill early in the industrial revolution .
politically , passage island island is part of port blair taluk .
andover lies fully within the merrimack river watershed .
the harvard crimson are a member of ecac hockey .
the mahanadi is a major river in east central india .
grumo appula is a railway station in grumo appula , italy .
te rūnanga o ngāti ruanui is the governing body of the iwi .
reddick is a village in kankakee county , illinois , united state .
secondary atmosphere are relatively thin compared to primary atmosphere like jupiter 's .
kennington common was a swathe of common land mainly within the london borough of lambeth .
kilome constituency is an electoral constituency in kenya .
rosston is a town in harper county , oklahoma , united state .
the conestoga parkway is a freeway in the regional municipality of waterloo , in the canadian province of ontario .
the larva is usually the principal feeding stage of the beetle biological life cycle .
tagish lake is a lake in yukon and northern british columbia , canada .
the liberal party ( ) was a liberal political party in iceland .
takusa is one of the woredas in the amhara region of ethiopia .
lecrae is an american christian hip hop artist .
cocoa is a city in brevard county , florida .
the 27th brigade was a brigade-sized infantry unit of the australian army .
an ipv6 packet has two part : a header and payload .
strabismus is the lack of binocular vision .
the prime minister of malaysia ( ) is the head of government of malaysia .
administratively , lida became part of grodno region .
mizil ( ) is a town in prahova county , muntenia , romania .
high aspect ratio aileron occupied the whole trailing edge .
the traditional optical microscope has more recently evolved into the digital microscope .
his brother , alan brinkley , was an historian and provost at columbia university .
oct-4 contains the following protein domain :
the river noe is a tributary of the river derwent in derbyshire , england .
keuka lake empty into seneca lake via the keuka lake outlet .
miramar beach , florida is located on the gulf of mexico .
the texas department of criminal justice operates a parole office in seguin .
japan maintains an embassy in tanglin , singapore .
governor brad henry signed the bill and formally created the standalone agency - the oklahoma office of homeland security .
the large baptismal font stands between the nave and the aisle .
the isle of man post office has crown office at douglas and ramsey .
ozone can also form from reaction of vocs or carbon monoxide and nox .
kisoro is a town in the western region of uganda .
a neuron transports its information by way of an action potential .
schmölln is a town in thuringia , germany , landkreis of altenburger land .
kainji national park is a national park in niger state and kwara state , nigeria .
the superkekb is a luminosity upgrade of kekb .
kargil is the second largest town in ladakh after leh .
the administrative centre is the village of gaupne .
red colobus are old world monkey of the genus piliocolobus .
yuma is the county seat of yuma county , arizona , united state .
new westminster secondary school is a secondary school in new westminster , british columbia , canada .
torry is an area within the city of aberdeen , scotland .
florida southwestern state college maintains a campus in the county .
steam brake are usually found today on heritage steam locomotive .
torch trinity graduate university is located in yangjae-dong , seocho district .
unlike glen forrest and greenmount , darlington was unplanned .
richhill is a large village and townland in county armagh , northern ireland .
a cruiser is a type of warship .
pilot mound township is one of seventeen township in boone county , iowa , usa .
amazon stone , or amazonite , is a green variety of microcline .
melilla airport is an airport located in melilla , an enclave of spain in africa .
the houston public library operates the vinson neighborhood library at the hiram clarke multi-service center .
snoop dogg joined force with dj quik , battlecat , the d.o.c .
the anthony independent school district ( aisd ) serves anthony .
east dublin is a city in laurens county , georgia , united state .
however , the stalemate is not a draw in janggi .
nawan shehr is a town in abbottabad district in khyber pakthunkhwa of pakistan .
wrightsville is a city in pulaski county , arkansas , united state .
ina is the southernmost village in jefferson county , illinois , united state .
sexual differentiation is complete at around 12 week of gestation .
first south west route cover much of cornwall .
hampton in arden was part of warwickshire until the 1974 boundary change .
the bromhead memorial is a large monument close to the boundary with east sheen cemetery .
the classical period was an era of classical music between roughly 1730 and 1820 .
`` surva '' is an international kukeri festival in pernik , bulgaria .
the 2014–15 nba season was the 69th season of the national basketball association ( nba ) .
it grows in both state of the baja california peninsula in northwestern mexico : baja california and baja california sur .
the vagus nerve delivers two fiber type to the esophageal plexus :
ocean reef road is an arterial east-west road in perth , western australia .
bealeton is located in southwestern fauquier county .
the roman catholic archdiocese of new york operates staten island catholic school .
a white wedding is a term for a traditional formal or semi-formal western wedding .
currently , according to the angiosperm phylogeny group , the family belongs in fabales .
downtown san diego is located on san diego bay .
the river descends over watercourse .
the electoral division of nelson is a constituency of the tasmanian legislative council .
balázs taróczy defeated tony giammalva 6–3 , 3–6 , 7–6
townville is an unincorporated community in anderson county , south carolina , united state .
gneiss is the predominant rock with a few granite intrusion .
madison county is part of the norfolk , ne norfolk micropolitan statistical area .
jana čepelová and chantal škamlová won girl ' double at 2010 australian open .
the manuscript is now at the bibliothèque nationale de france ( supplément gr .
shoreham lies on the north shore of long island .
flatidae are a family of fulgoroid planthopper .
pkp cargo operates 25 transshipment terminal at key location in poland .
the allegheny mountain tunnel pass under allegheny mountain in somerset county .
hayton is a village and civil parish in the east riding of yorkshire , england .
the bangla congress then went into rapid decline and was later reunified with the indian national congress .
indian people 's forward bloc is a political party in west bengal , india .
innischonnell ( scottish gaelic : innis chonaill ) is an island in loch awe , scotland .
punta la marmora ( ) is a mountain in the gennargentu range , sardinia ( italy ) .
during world war ii part of the taunton stop line invasion defence project ran along the canal .
the wicked witch of the west ( voiced by riki lindhome ) is an evil witch from the land of oz .
when new brunswick became a separate colony from nova scotia in 1784 , ste .
karl von habsburg is currently the head of the house of habsburg .
the firing pin and extractor are often integral part of the bolt .
dover is a town in windham county , vermont , united state .
the noguera pallaresa ( ; , ) is a river in catalonia , spain .
the mekong is a river in southeast asia .
bismuth sulfide , , occurs naturally in bismuth ore .
in 1964 the admiralty and the navy board became part of the integrated ministry of defence .
roane state community college has its largest branch campus in oak ridge .
frenchcore is a subgenre of hardcore techno .
ik oskarshamn is the name of the local ice hockey team .
in the final mark williams defeated matthew stevens 10–8 .
the old state house is the oldest municipal building in boston .
the yucca mountain nuclear waste repository is an unfinished , currently defunct deep geological repository in nye county , nevada .
kenton is a town in kent county , delaware , united state .
the abu tv song festival 2012 was the first annual edition of the abu tv song festival .
the manor house is traditionally known as the frustberg house .
bruce township is located in lasalle county , illinois .
the buffalo chip campground is an event venue in meade county , south dakota , united state .
corbu ( , ) is a commune in harghita county , transylvania , romania .
the green line has its main depot in al qusais .
foulsham was a railway station in north norfolk .
radès ( ) is a harbour city in ben arous governorate , tunisia .
trachybasalt is a volcanic rock with a composition between trachyte and basalt .
the second pizza ranch opened in orange city , iowa in 1983 .
after the match big show turned face and attacked the miz .
a roman catholic high school , father dueñas memorial school , is in mangilao .
p. m. sayeed held the seat and represented the constituency in the 12th lok sabha .
askot musk deer sanctuary is administratively situated in didihat tehsil .
muret is a railway station in muret , occitanie , france .
lachin district is an administrative rayon in the republic of azerbaijan .
neferure was born during the reign of thutmose ii .
the gila valley arizona temple is between pima and thatcher .
intramuscular injection may cause fibrosis or contracture .
silsoe is a town in bedfordshire .
makeni is the largest city in the northern province of sierra leone .
electric arc furnace steelmaking is the manufacture of steel from scrap or direct reduced iron melted by electric arc .
in 1994 , the volunteer park facility reopened as the seattle asian art museum .
sporran are traditionally worn as part of male scottish highland dress .
mahabaleshwar was the summer capital of the bombay presidency under british raj .
the 1997 supreme court of canada decision r. v. gladstone was a significant legal and constitutional victory for the heiltsuk .
wimbledon chase is in southwest wimbledon .
rabbi ariel levine returned to israel .
dairy product include food item such as yogurt , cheese and butter .
thornton is a village in leicestershire , england .
mebyon kernow is a regional party in cornwall that promotes cornish nationalism .
air india has a daily service to pune .
djibouti is a one party dominant state with the people 's rally for progress currently in power .
balș ( ) is a town in olt county , oltenia , romania .
rural sociology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering rural sociology .
roby is a village in the metropolitan borough of knowsley , merseyside , england .
gaborone is the political centre of botswana .
montgomery place exists within the federal electoral district of saskatoon west .
these social , colorful freshwater fish are often kept in aquarium .
the branched-chain amino acid include isoleucine , leucine and valine .
during the 16th century the clan macleod feuded heavily with the clan macdonald of sleat .
auberge de france ( ) refers to two auberge in valletta , malta .
the monduli district is near the city of arusha and mt .
gellibrand is a town in south west victoria , australia .
snake spring township is a township in bedford county , pennsylvania , united state .
canada competed at the 1924 summer olympics in paris , france .
baja california obtains much of its water from the colorado river .
fredericksburg township is one of twelve township in chickasaw county , iowa , usa .
the center is a normal subgroup , .
caledonia township is a township in houston county , minnesota , united state .
organism are semi-closed chemical system .
the eagle rock reservation covers in west orange , montclair and verona .
burzum is the debut studio album by the norwegian black metal solo project burzum .
nixa is part of missouri 's 7th congressional district .
pakistan competed at the 2000 summer olympics in sydney , australia .
odense zoo is a zoological garden in odense , denmark .
world war ii began on september 1 with the invasion of poland .
oak forest is a part of 3 state legislative district of the illinois general assembly .
santo antônio do pinhal is a municipality in the state of são paulo in brazil .
kozarac is also famous because of the kozara national park .
the trumpeter finch is a small , long-winged bird .
rush township occupies a by tract of land in northeastern dauphin county .
raja daud khan was also a friend of akbar .
martina navratilova defeated pam shriver 6–1 , 6–4
landfall is a city in washington county , minnesota , united state .
fortuna düsseldorf then faced sv sandhausen on 10 november .
the eminem show is the fourth studio album by american rapper eminem .
eskişehir demirspor is a turkish sport club from eskişehir , turkey .
weakened by the civil war , yami qaghan declared allegiance to sui dynasty .
the township is a suburb of pittsburgh .
hipolito ( paul ) roldan , ( born 1944 new york city ) is an affordable housing developer in chicago .
st macartan 's cathedral is the cathedral church of the roman catholic diocese of clogher in republic of ireland .
neath east is an electoral ward of neath port talbot county borough , wale .
literary criticism is the analysis of literature .
the visual novel feature two piece of theme music .
badnera is a town in amravati district in the indian state of maharashtra .
ding junhui won in the final 10–4 against marco fu .
dungarpur is a city in the southernmost part of rajasthan , india .
the santa elena peninsula is a peninsula in santa elena province , ecuador .
jericho health centre is a health centre on walton street in oxford , england .
the squadron also flew aeromedical evacuation mission .
m-78 designation was removed through lansing .
the district council , basingstoke and deane , is in hampshire .
bowerchalke is in the cranborne chase and west wiltshire downs area of outstanding natural beauty , which is part of the southern england chalk formation .
björn borg defeated john lloyd 6–4 , 6–2 , 6–3
troy is an unincorporated community in fluvanna county , virginia , united state .
akraifnio became part of the larger municipality akraifnia in 1997 .
jackson township is a township in cambria county , pennsylvania , united state .
the 1921 county championship was won for the second year in succession by middlesex county cricket club .
ararat township is a civil township in susquehanna county , pennsylvania , united state .
parish grove township is one of eleven township in benton county , indiana .
morton is located in northeastern cochran county at .
in the first world war , rifle-calibre machine gun became the standard weapon of military aircraft .
barnwell county is a county in the u.s. state of south carolina .
holy family university is a roman catholic liberal art university in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
fivizzano is a `` comune '' in the province of massa and carrara , tuscany , central italy .
the pike river flows through the northwest corner of biwabik township .
a bank run is the sudden withdrawal of deposit of just one bank .
rockland is a town in plymouth county , massachusetts , united state .
century later , xiao he was the first prime minister of the han dynasty .
general george washington occupied the house three time during the american revolutionary war .
sunbury is a city in northumberland county , pennsylvania , united state .
lakshman kadirgamar was born in manipay , jaffna district .
martina hingis won in the final 6–4 , 6–3 against anna kournikova .
maa manikeswari is the prominent presiding goddess of kalahandi district .
their grandfather shakti prasad was also an actor in kannada film .
rondout creek then tributes the hudson river in kingston , new york .
in the california state legislature , redondo beach is in , and in .
in 2014 , farm boy expanded to london , ontario .
repeat offender is the second studio album by singer/songwriter richard marx .
in 1561 , during the livonian war , terra mariana ceased to exist .
the ohio history center is a history museum and research center in columbus , ohio .
palanpur is the administrative headquarters of the banaskantha district .
elmer township is a township in pipestone county , minnesota , united state .
hadeninae is a subfamily of moth family noctuidae .
the nearest paris métro station is lamarck – caulaincourt on paris métro line 12 .
the soviet ruble replaced the ruble of the russian empire .
telesistema mexicano is the predecessor of televisa .
daniel edward thomas ( born june 11 , 1959 ) is an american prelate of the catholic church .
anchieta is a neighborhood in the rio de janeiro # north zone of rio de janeiro , brazil .
the university of new brunswick ( unb ) is a public university with two primary campus in fredericton and saint john , new brunswick .
northwest aroostook is an unincorporated area in aroostook county , maine , united state .
john mill collated and johann jakob wettstein transcribed ( 1716 ) the text of the codex .
koothanur is the only temple in tamil nadu for the goddess saraswati .
queen mary 's college ( qmc ) is a sixth form college in basingstoke , hampshire , england .
bruce ( david mazouz ) prepares dinner for a date with selina ( camren bicondova ) .
takoma park is a city in montgomery county , maryland , united state .
konqueror has been developed as an autonomous web browser project .
body awareness is a one-act play by annie baker .
pennsylvania route 343 lead south from fredericksburg to lebanon , the county seat .
calhoun county is a county in the u.s. state of michigan .
catwoman and green arrow both serve as counterpart for batman .
below greenwater , the white river flows generally west .
verlegenhuken is the most northern point of spitsbergen .
cumberland house cree nation is a swampy cree first nation band government in saskatchewan , canada .
the tin hau temple complex is a temple in yau ma tei , kowloon , hong kong .
the bowling green radio market originally included allen , barren , edmonson , hart , metcalfe , and warren county .
team hell no was a professional wrestling tag team in the wwe .
`` the magnificent seven '' is a song by the english punk rock band the clash .
the michigan theater is a movie palace in ann arbor , michigan , united state .
kingswood is a suburb in south dublin , republic of ireland .
production designer guy hendrix dyas adapted similar design by john myhre from the previous film .
tehran county ( ) is a county in tehran province in iran .
the holy roman emperor could only become such through coronation by the pope .
dan severn served as the special guest referee .
doñihue ( ) is a chilean city and commune in cachapoal province , o'higgins region .
scottdale is located in the southmoreland school district .
angelica creek joins the schuylkill river at kenhorst .
every nonzero complex number has a multiplicative inverse .
the church of nigeria is the anglican church in nigeria .
noteedit is a defunct music scorewriter for linux and other unix-like computer operating system .
lola cueto died on january 24 , 1978 in mexico city .
scott township is a township in columbia county , pennsylvania , united state .
colfax county is a county in the u.s. state of new mexico .
howard did for fantasy fiction what dashiell hammett did for crime fiction .
welkom mine recreation ground is a multi purpose stadium in welkom , free state .
the central american integration system ( sica ) has its headquarters in san salvador .
imitation shark fin soup originated from temple street in hong kong during the 1950s and 1960s .
schwabach is a river of bavaria , germany .
little queen is the third studio album by american rock band heart .
pureora forest park is a protected area in the north island of new zealand .
family lepilemuridae consists solely of the sportive lemur .
brønnøy is a municipality in nordland county , norway .
guanyin is an embodiment of avalokiteśvara bodhisattva .
the constitution of ukraine ( ) is the fundamental law of ukraine .
york is about from nome and from port clarence .
the montreal eaton centre is a shopping mall in montreal , quebec , canada .
koovee is one of the biggest sport club in finland .
900 biscayne bay is a skyscraper in miami , florida , united state .
ferdinand and miranda arrive with ariel .
goloco motif is a protein structural motif .
caroline 's spine is the eponymous debut album of the american hard rock band of the same name .
viva pink operates on the highway 7 rapidway between richmond hill centre and post road stop .
kyrgyzstan ultimately aligned more closely with russia .
the jocko river is a river in nipissing district in northeastern ontario , canada .
blue river is an unincorporated community in lane county , oregon , united state .
alexandria stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in alexandria , egypt .
sheldon is located in eastern iroquois county at .
amalner is a tehsil in jalgaon district .
schwartau is a river of schleswig-holstein , germany .
hopewell is an unincorporated community in yamhill county , oregon , united state .
the 148th division was a military formation of the people 's liberation army of the people 's republic of china .
urasoe sits to the south of okinawa island .
grinnell is a city in poweshiek county , iowa , united state .
illinois 130 is the main north–south road through charleston , the home of eastern illinois university .
the carnarvon range is a mountain range in central queensland , australia .
in 1869 russian chemist dmitri mendeleev published his periodic table .
cudlee creek is a small town near adelaide , south australia .
the jakarta post is a daily english-language newspaper in indonesia .
cohousing is the first building block of the ecovillage .
fairview township is a township in osceola county , iowa , usa .
broad run is a tributary of the potomac river in loudoun county , virginia .
abatete is a town in anambra state in nigeria .
ilie năstase and yannick noah were the defending champion but only nastase competed that year with adriano panatta .
the los angeles county district attorney prosecutes felony .
lafayette high school , located in wildwood , missouri , is a secondary school in the rockwood school district .
vasundhara raje was the previous chief minister of rajasthan during 2013–2018 ,
the atlantic fleet was a naval fleet of the royal navy .
childress is an unincorporated community in montgomery county , virginia , united state .
david small was born in detroit , michigan .
marshallville is a city in macon county , georgia , united state .
zealandia is a town in the canadian province of saskatchewan .
tim henman defeated carlos moyá 6–3 , 6–1
the first important man-made inorganic compound was ammonium nitrate for soil fertilization through the haber process .
fantinus died in greece .
nattampatti is a village in pudukkottai district , tamil nadu , india .
sistema has its headquarters in moscow .
the lowndes county school district operates lake park elementary school .
brownwood is home to howard payne university .
robert wood johnson university hospital is affiliated with the robert wood johnson medical school .
in 2004 , ceará joined associação desportiva são caetano .
westboro is a station on the transitway in ottawa , ontario .
caroline garcia was the defending champion , but lost in the semifinal to daria gavrilova .
kamma is a hindu caste from south india .
expedition 1 arrived midway between the flight of sts-92 and sts-97 .
velagapudi is also the home to the temporary secretariat of andhra pradesh
an orphan , richie ryan grows up in seacouver , washington .
eraviputhenthurai comes under the archdiocese of thiruvananthapuram .
eastbourne borough council is the local authority for the borough of eastbourne in east sussex .
the high court of new zealand ( ) is the superior court of new zealand .
the new york public library ( nypl ) operates the eastchester branch at 1385 east gun hill road .
deerfield was originally part of nottingham .
tomaj has a warm climate for slovenia .
jacksonville is a city in morgan county , illinois , united state .
austin stack park is a gaa stadium in tralee , county kerry , republic of ireland .
dunluce is a civil parish in county antrim , northern ireland .
the 14th rifle division was an infantry division of the red army , formed twice .
eastern shore is the geographic eastern shoreline of mobile bay in southwest alabama .
the green party of ontario ( gpo ; ) is a political party in ontario , canada .
indiana university fort wayne is a public university in fort wayne , indiana .
kazakhstan is one of the biggest international market for yandex.taxi .
andries de witt was a member of the old dutch patrician family de witt .
houston garden is within the houston independent school district .
mountmurray , formerly ballinsellot , is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
twin are by far the most common form of multiple birth in human .
kandi subdivision consists of kandi municipality and five community development block : kandi , khargram , burwan , bharatpur i and bharatpur ii .
californium is produced in nuclear reactor and particle accelerator .
justin trudeau served alongside three u.s. president : barack obama , donald trump , and joe biden .
his dargah ( mausoleum ) is in old delhi , india .
heaton mersey is a mostly residential area and commuter zone for manchester .
kingston is a small town in rural shire of hepburn in victoria , australia .
ahila probably repulsed an invasion from bhima .
the military decoration were the perk of the officer .
jacksonville public library operates the beach branch in neptune beach .
roller hockey was a demonstration rollersport in the 1992 summer olympics in barcelona .
the european patent office ( epo ) is an example of a regional patent office .
geologically , the serranía del baudó represents an extension of the isthmus of panama .
the tempe union high school district is a school district of high school in tempe , arizona , usa .
pier 39 is a pier in san francisco taken over by sea lion .
a cowl unit is a body style of diesel locomotive .
st albans is additionally home to a community of traceurs from around hertfordshire .
karina habšudová and helena suková were the defending champion but only habšudová competed that year with ruxandra dragomir .
the stupa is located in colombo harbour , sri lanka .
orion is a village in henry county , illinois , united state .
more accurately , taoism emerged from and overlap with folk religion and chinese philosophy .
the original greek alphabet did not have diacritic .
the acoela are basal bilaterians , part of the xenacoelomorpha .
château d'eck is a château in gironde , nouvelle-aquitaine , france .
mccook county is a county in the u.s. state of south dakota .
north witham is a small village and nominally a civil parish in south kesteven , lincolnshire , england .
tomahawk lake is a lake in oneida county , wisconsin , united state .
ingestion is the consumption of a substance by an organism .
clare college is a constituent college of the university of cambridge in cambridge , england .
north american river otter often reside in beaver pond .
bagalkot district receives the lowest rainfall annually in karnataka .
a bun kebab consists of a shallow-fried spicy patty , onion , and chutney .
gainesville is a town in sumter county , alabama , united state .
participle are often connected to certain grammatical tense or grammatical aspect .
edgemont is a city in fall river county , south dakota , united state .
glass is an amorphous solid .
winterville is a city in clarke county , georgia , united state .
crescent city is the county seat of and only incorporated city in del norte county .
nj transit provides bus service on route 419 between burlington and camden .
tadateru konoe was the 50th head of the konoe family .
queen 's high school is a state single-sex girl ' secondary school in dunedin .
phoenix is an unincorporated community in keweenaw county , michigan , united state .
campaign toan thang ( campaign total victory ) was the first communist wet season offensive of the laotian civil war .
the venezuelan gran sabana is contained in the canaima national park .
the royal navy submarine service is one of the of the royal navy .
gallery of suicide is the sixth studio album by american death metal band cannibal corpse .
her documentary `` bridegroom '' premiered at the 2013 tribeca film festival .
smokeless tobacco is a cause of oral cancer and oropharyngeal cancer .
crathie is west of ballater , but only east of balmoral castle .
page moss is an area in the borough of metropolitan borough of knowsley , merseyside .
cartel often practice price fixing internationally .
a constituent assembly is a form of representative democracy .
casapinta borders the following municipality : crosa , curino , lessona , masserano , mezzana mortigliengo , strona .
getzen also builds one model of baritone horn .
miss turkey ( ) is a national beauty pageant in turkey .
mandu ( ) are dumpling in korean cuisine .
palo duro canyon state park is 12 mile east of canyon .
brida is a district in laghouat province , algeria .
harrisburg is a ghost town in washington county , utah , united state .
kingston is inside the catskill park .
the north shore is the most economically and ethnically diverse section of staten island .
limerick ( ; ) is a city in county limerick , ireland .
syntax highlighting is available in atom , coda , emacs , textmate , vim and visual studio code .
the smw tag team championship was the tag team title in smoky mountain wrestling .
hayton and mealo is a civil parish in allerdale district , cumbria .
zaragoza airport ( aragonese and ; ) is an international airport near zaragoza , aragón , spain .
blackburn is part of the west aberdeenshire and kincardine county constituency for uk parliament election .
a son , ebenezer dumont , was a general in the union army during the american civil war .
lawson is the first album by john schumann and the vagabond crew .
colerain township is a township in bedford county , pennsylvania , united state .
slipknot also played as support to metallica and slayer .
lucas sequence are named after the french mathematician édouard lucas .
salmon arm takes its name from its place along shuswap lake .
bhalki is 40 km from district headquarters bidar .
queen and brooklyn are patrolled by the new york city police department .
floreasca hospital ( ) is a major hospital in bucharest , romania .
tom okker defeated tom gorman 4–6 , 7–6 , 6–1
new chapel hill is a city in smith county , texas , united state .
algona is the county seat of kossuth county , iowa , united state .
anna chakvetadze defeated sania mirza , 6–3 , 6–2
the fractional part function has fourier series expansion
meir is a village in upper egypt .
manson is a city in calhoun county , iowa , united state .
like celtic rock , celtic punk is a form of celtic fusion .
the alaska legislature meet in the alaska state capitol in juneau , alaska .
in 1812 , mexican insurgent bernardo gutiérrez de lara led a small force of american into texas .
lake laut tawar ( ) is a lake in aceh , indonesia .
hunlock township is a township in luzerne county , pennsylvania , united state .
beverley minster depicted the regal splendour of the palace of westminster .
balarama was the elder brother of krishna .
irma ravinale was born in naples , italy .
the loop current and loop current eddy affect biological community within the gulf of mexico .
eiker consists of the municipality of nedre eiker and øvre eiker .
dawson is a borough in fayette county , pennsylvania , united state .
shirley is a town in middlesex county , massachusetts , united state .
estradiol undecylate is a relatively long-chain ester of estradiol .
rock is an unincorporated community in delta county , michigan , united state .
anniston is the county seat of calhoun county , alabama .
selby district is a local government district of north yorkshire , england .
coney island creek is a tidal inlet in brooklyn , new york city .
jahrom is also the citrus sorting hub of iran .
david ball is the self-titled debut album from american country music artist david ball .
on 6 june 1961 pope john xxiii erected as an apostolic vicariate of incheon .
observatory inlet is an inlet on the north coast of british columbia .
pokesdown is a suburb of bournemouth in dorset , england .
golborne is a town in the metropolitan borough of wigan , greater manchester , england .
agnieszka radwańska defeated vera dushevina , 6–1 , 6–1
like most of appalachia , german-influenced and unionist western maryland , washington county is solidly republican .
la grange is a small unincorporated community in rural stanislaus county , california .
nord pool operates power trading market in norway , denmark , sweden , finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , the netherlands , belgium , austria , luxembourg , france and the united kingdom .
the 50th armored division was a division of the army national guard from july 1946 until 1993 .
port byron is a village in cayuga county , new york , united state .
cameron park is served by the brownsville independent school district .
barrier air operates daily flight to and from auckland airport .
afterwards , the wyatt family put bubba ray dudley through a table .
the big ten conference is a member of the bowl championship series .
stone cold steve austin defeated chris benoit and chris jericho to retain the title .
a regiment of kv saw service in soviet invasion of manchuria in august 1945 .
zelienople is a borough in butler county , pennsylvania , north of pittsburgh .
the akaike information criterion ( aic ) is a common criterion for model selection .
mutarnee is a town and a locality in the city of townsville , queensland , australia .
in the second polish republic , żabno belonged to kraków voivodeship .
trainer is a borough in delaware county , pennsylvania , united state .
brian gottfried / raúl ramírez defeated jeff borowiak / roger taylor 6–2 , 6–0
camillus is a village in onondaga county , new york , united state .
both decay and interference theory are involved in psychological theory of forgetting .
serena williams / venus williams defeated cătălina cristea / kristine kunce 7–5 , 6–2
glen eden is a suburb of auckland , new zealand .
sapporo is the largest city of hokkaido and 5th-largest in japan .
the democratic progressive party held a majority in the legislature , and elected su jia-chyuan as president of the legislative yuan .
the black devon is a river in scotland .
trap house is the debut studio album by american rapper gucci mane .
space pirate are a type of stock character from science fiction .
cotter is a city in baxter county , arkansas , united state .
in 1969 , pope paul vi issued the motu proprio mysterii paschalis .
the microbial cyst form is the storage-state of this amoeba .
cippenham is a suburb of slough .
soprana bordered the following municipality : curino , mezzana mortigliengo , trivero .
fordsburg is a suburb of johannesburg , south africa .
the royal air force were the original resident of the site in suffolk at raf martlesham heath .
this metal carbonyl is an important reagent in the organometallic chemistry of manganese .
his brother li shang , served as a general under the han dynasty .
bernam river forms its border with perak .
bollon is a rural town and locality in the shire of balonne , queensland , australia .
shane victorino is a retired professional major league baseball player .
arifiye is a district center of sakarya province , turkey .
the n12 continues through the city of ekurhuleni metropolitan municipality , bypassing germiston and boksburg to the north .
since the fall of the western roman empire , the alp and the danube have not served to mark political boundary .
fire arrow are the predecessor of fire lance , the first firearm .
ebernoe common is a national nature reserve and site of special scientific interest .
the hereford , tx micropolitan statistical area includes all of deaf smith county .
denmark competed at the 1992 summer olympics in barcelona , spain .
the drury lane novel are in the whodunit style .
arthur ashe / roscoe tanner defeated tom edlefsen / tom leonard 6–3 , 6–4
kurnool is a city and the judicial capital of andhra pradesh , india .
armenia competed at the 2004 summer paralympics in athens , greece .
horse were the wheeler , the two closest to the wagon .
the kingdom of hungary now bordered the ottoman empire and its vassal .
the blackleaf formation is a geologic formation in montana .
edwin hawley hewitt designed both st. mark 's episcopal cathedral and hennepin avenue united methodist church just south of downtown .
the blimp are filled with helium .
gulfport elementary was the first montessori school in pinellas county .
boris becker was the defending champion but lost in the semifinal to pat cash .
schellville is an unincorporated community in sonoma county , california , united state .
the akilattirattu ammanai and arul nool are the scripture of ayyavazhi .
incumbent include vicar and rector .
wcw vs. the world is a professional wrestling video game for the playstation video game console .
`` the wild bunch '' is the `` götterdämmerung '' of western . ''
oak ridge is a town in northwestern guilford county , north carolina , united state .
the zimmerman kame is one of many archaeological site in hardin county .
with their help , liu bei learned all about yi province .
the royal bolton hospital is an acute general hospital in farnworth , greater manchester .
salemburg is a town in sampson county , north carolina , united state .
the eastern orthodox church read from job and exodus during holy week .
the square root of 3 is an irrational number .
bardsir county ( ) is a county in kerman province in iran .
as an antiandrogen , ketoconazole operates through at least two mechanism of action .
fairfax county public library operates the herndon fortnightly library in herndon .
léonce verny was born in aubenas , ardèche .
the second , the north west company , was based in montreal .
the light infantry was an infantry regiment of the british army , part of the light division .
northumberland is a borough in northumberland county , pennsylvania , united state .
khowai district is a district of tripura state of india .
the belarusian first league is the second division of professional association football in belarus .
martin damm / cyril suk defeated stefan koubek / andy roddick 6–2 , 6–4
rio hondo is served by the rio hondo independent school district .
lakefield is on the east coast of cape york peninsula .
the little river is a public water supply for the village of twin mountain .
preston is a small locality in northwest london .
jacob spangler was born in york , pennsylvania .
jason stoltenberg defeated jonas björkman 6–0 , 2–6 , 7–5
kisumu rural constituency was a former electoral constituency in kenya .
the mecelle also remained the basis of civil law in jordan and kuwait .
salford township is a township in montgomery county , pennsylvania , united state .
electric charge is a characteristic property of many subatomic particle .
following the 1798 french invasion , oberhofen am thunersee became part of the helvetic republic canton of oberland .
mpeg-2 evolved out of the shortcoming of mpeg-1 .
new , electronically controlled hydraulic unit fuel injection system , cooled exhaust gas recirculation to reduce
in special relativity the admissible frame of reference are all inertial frame .
batticaloa lagoon is a very large estuarine lagoon in batticaloa district , eastern sri lanka .
jane lew is a town in lewis county , west virginia , united state .
a caffè latte differs from a latte macchiato .
new ipswich is a town in hillsborough county , new hampshire , united state .
aerial warfare is the use of military aircraft and other flying machine in warfare .
donore is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
tanjung malim is a small town in perak .
`` lake of fire '' is a song by the american alternative rock band the meat puppet .
a frustrated steve spurrier rotated three quarterback including rex grossman .
swaminarayan was addressing a gathering in bhuj .
valdosta state university was established in 1906 in valdosta , georgia .
kirkby stephen is a civil parish in the eden district , cumbria , england .
clydebank is also within the ancient parish of old kilpatrick .
as a photodetector , the pin diode is reverse-biased .
music man stingray is an electric bass by music man , introduced in 1976 .
the boston red sox drafted jacob in the tenth round of the 2009 major league baseball draft .
presidio is a city in presidio county , texas , united state .
the east riding of yorkshire council provided grammar school place at beverley grammar school , beverley high school and bridlington school .
lehtimäki is a former municipality of finland .
jape are an irish electronic–rock band from dublin .
weir is a town in choctaw county , mississippi , united state .
bishōnen character are fairly common in manga and anime .
southern columbia area school district is a small , rural , public school district located in catawissa , pennsylvania .
gisela dulko / flavia pennetta defeated ágnes szávay / jasmin wöhr 7–6 , 6–1
type metal is an alloy of lead , tin , and antimony .
the basic arabic alphabet contains 28 letter .
the hugh de lacy bridge is one of two pedestrian bridge in drogheda .
piercefield ( ) is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
punjab forms the northwest part of india .
ngong racecourse is a racecourse in nairobi , kenya .
woordenboek der nederlandsche taal ( , commonly abbreviated `` wnt '' ) is a dictionary of the dutch language .
the apalachicola national forest occupies half the county .
aughrim ( ) is a small village in county galway , republic of ireland .
dewsbury is a mill town in yorkshire , england .
byfield is a locality in shire of livingstone , queensland , australia .
affine symmetry group represent translation .
adalimumab may be effective and well tolerated in ulcerative colitis .
bacteriuria is the presence of bacteria in urine .
the city of bayside is a local government area in victoria , australia .
sweden competed at the 1920 summer olympics in antwerp , belgium .
maurelle island is an island in british columbia , canada .
augusta is an unincorporated community in central hampshire county , west virginia .
gaya played a significant role in the indian independence movement .
the copper mountain solar facility is a 150 mw photovoltaic power plant in boulder city , nevada .
pope benedict xvi on 4 may 2009 , to oversee the roman catholic diocese of port harcourt .
oxford township is a township in warren county , new jersey , united state .
why do stock market produce stock market bubble and bust ?
cagliari has scheduled service by passenger ship to civitavecchia , naples and palermo .
in september 2007 , bg group delisted its adrs from the new york stock exchange .
the a1 team austria is the austrian team of a1 grand prix , an international racing series .
this unorganized territory falls completely within the boundary of the red lake indian reservation .
the sacramento city college panther are member of the california community college athletic association ( cccaa ) , and the big 8 conference .
wadesboro is a town in anson county , north carolina , united state .
karla is a recurring character in the work of john le carré .
middleville township is a township in wright county , minnesota , united state .
the airline operated this fleet for its charter .
oakleigh park is a loosely defined district in the north of the london borough of barnet .
the basketball team competes in the missouri valley conference .
hmp swinfen hall opened in february 1963 as a borstal .
vanadium redox battery are used commercially for grid energy storage .
the batticaloa line is a railway line in sri lanka .
endeavour is in diameter and is south-east of victoria .
the dominica freedom party ( dfp ) is a conservative political party in dominica .
corjova is a commune in dubăsari district , moldova .
in january 2001 , the connecticut attorney general filed suit against walker digital .
brockagh ( or brocagh , ) is a village in county tyrone , northern ireland .
the bible alone is the word of god .
during world war ii , raf ringway was important in military aircraft production and training parachutist .
the utah department of transportation is currently working with tooele county to design phase 1 of the project .
george w. bush received one such box from tony blair .
veraval , talala , sutrapada , kodinar , una and gir-gadhada are the talukas of gir somnath district .
gold plating may lead to formation of gold whisker .
before hurricane katrina , william carey university had a satellite campus in gulfport .
pike county is located in northeastern pennsylvania .
selective mutism is strongly associated with other anxiety disorder , particularly social anxiety disorder .
arkansas highway 264 is a designation for three state highway in benton county , arkansas .
leary is a city in calhoun county , georgia , united state .
scientific control are a part of the scientific method .
konami also released a collectible card game series .
new york state route 30 is a north-south highway in gilboa .
the 160th air refueling group ( 160 arg ) is an inactive unit of the ohio air national guard .
hawthorne is suburb of the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
grafton is a suburb of auckland city , new zealand .
in 2015 the people 's bank of china again devalued their country 's currency .
david george and his family went with loyalist to nova scotia .
the nottingham canal is a canal in the english county of nottinghamshire and derbyshire .
immune organ vary by type of fish .
jacco eltingh / paul haarhuis defeated jakob hlasek / john mcenroe 7–6 , 6–4
fallopian tube obstruction may be a cause of infertility or ectopic pregnancy .
fort worth is north of joshua .
bramley vale is a village in derbyshire , england , south of bolsover .
the laurentian fan is a product of glaciation and water current from the gulf of saint lawrence .
family proteidae
victoria school participates in the president 's challenge every year .
mollestad is a village in birkenes municipality in agder county , norway .
the division of forrest is an australian electoral division in western australia .
on 14 march , croatia closed all border with bosnia and herzegovina .
potassium iodide is a chemical compound , medication , and dietary supplement .
marat fjord is one of the smaller fjord of severnaya zemlya .
north turton is a civil parish in blackburn with darwen , lancashire , england .
until 19 may 2006 groenlo was the official name of oost gelre .
paddock lake is a village in kenosha county , wisconsin , united state .
windsor is an incorporated town in sonoma county , california , united state .
strafford is a town in orange county , vermont , united state .
cley windmill has become one of the enduring icon of north norfolk .
the kontinental hockey league has a western conference and an eastern conference .
puerto rico competed at the 1968 summer olympics in mexico city , mexico .
this diagram is a high level view of a system .
west cornwall hospital is located in penzance , west cornwall .
croquet was an event at the 1900 summer olympics .
black sabbath , juda priest , slayer , dimmu borgir , superjoint ritual , black label society
adapazarı ( ) is a city in northwestern turkey and the capital of sakarya province .
adana vilayet corresponds to the modern region of çukurova in turkey .
logic puzzle and riddle are specific type of brain teaser .
haikou new port ( ) is a seaport in hainan , china .
blackburn with darwen is a unitary authority in lancashire , england .
heeze is a railway station in heeze , netherlands .
the rugby league team participated in the pacific cup in 2004 .
norwegian national road 168 ( ) is a major route between bærum and oslo , norway .
eupen is a railway station in eupen , liège , belgium .
polonne raion ( ) was a raion of khmelnytskyi oblast in ukraine .
the czech republic is a country in central europe .
titin is a large abundant protein of striated muscle .
bent mountain is an unincorporated community in roanoke county , virginia , united state .
during the northern song dynasty , liuyang firework prospered greatly .
barrasford is a village in northumberland , england .
milligan is a village in fillmore county , nebraska , united state .
finlayson township is a township in pine county , minnesota , united state .
manavgat is home to the ancient city of side and selge .
rosh hanikra ( ) is a kibbutz in northern israel .
east chicago is a city in lake county , indiana , united state .
mike cavan succeeded tom rossley as smu head coach .
barmer district is the third largest district of rajasthan state .
the north brandenburg plateau and upland is part of the north german plain .
tyler state park is a state park north of tyler , texas .
in 2004 , young dro signed a recording contract with t.i .
the kallang river , rochor river and geylang river empty into the kallang basin .
nebraska highway 66 is a highway in central and eastern nebraska .
susquehanna township is a township in juniata county , pennsylvania , united state .
king street is one of the most important thoroughfare of manchester city centre , england .
churhat is also part of sidhi lok sabha constituency .
hot lake is an unincorporated community in union county , oregon , united state .
west bandung regency position is between jakarta and bandung city .
strandebarm is a former municipality in the old hordaland county , norway .
oxford is a town in worcester county , massachusetts , united state .
the central line now terminates at epping .
north grimston is a village in the ryedale district of north yorkshire , england .
on 7 june 1954 pope pius xii established the diocese of barcelona from the roman catholic archdiocese of ciudad bolívar .
knox township is a township in jefferson county , pennsylvania , in the united state .
recently , both cain and abel have appeared in the new `` house of mystery '' title .
la crosse is part of the wisconsin state senate district 32 and is represented by democrat jennifer shilling .
at this time , kounahiri department became part of béré region in woroba district .
portable power tool are not hand tool .
malvern link railway station serves malvern link in worcestershire , england .
this cartridge is a ballistic twin of the .32 winchester special .
dixonville is an unincorporated community in indiana county , pennsylvania , united state .
emirate and egyptair suspended their flight to damascus .
these basilica belonged to the diocese of salona .
until 1990 , the inner german border passed between geisa and rasdorf ( hesse ) .
conchita martínez defeated patricia tarabini 7–5 , 6–3
tunworth is a hamlet and civil parish in hampshire .
the composition c family is a family of related us-specified plastic explosive consisting primarily of rdx .
la orchila is in the federal dependency of venezuela .
historically hereford has been the county town of herefordshire .
the blue whale diet consists almost exclusively of euphausiids ( krill ) .
harris county transit provides public transportation in la porte .
merom is a town in gill township , sullivan county , indiana , united state .
bohemia later also elected one protestant king ( george of poděbrady ) .
galati mamertino borders the following municipality : frazzanò , longi , san salvatore di fitalia , tortorici .
northcote is a suburb of auckland in northern new zealand .
hudson county community college ( hccc ) is a public , community college in hudson county , new jersey .
the comrat state university is a public university in comrat , moldova .
goodhue is a city in goodhue county , minnesota , united state .
victoria is an incorporated town in lunenburg county , virginia , united state .
sheerness is in the local government district of borough of swale .
market street is a major thoroughfare in san francisco , california .
the ninja first entered popular culture in the edo period .
electoral palatinate also lost the upper palatinate to bavaria .
stony creek is a town in sussex county , virginia , united state .
boromo is a department of balé province in southern burkina faso .
bark is the outermost layer of stem and root of woody plant .
the pomperaug river is a river in the us state of connecticut .
the mersey river finally feeds itself into bass strait .
the new testament presupposes the inspiration of the old testament .
birnam is a locality in the scenic rim region , queensland , australia .
andy roddick defeated radek štěpánek , 6–4 , 7–5
triphenylphosphine forms a labile 2:1 adduct :
monroe is michigan 's only county on lake erie .
memphis brooks museum of art is an art museum in memphis , tennessee .
carbon county is a county in the u.s. state of utah .
acton reynald is a village in the north of shropshire , england .
northaw is a village in the welwyn hatfield district of hertfordshire , england .
swan 's island is an island new england town in hancock county , maine .
the trollhätte canal ( ) is a canal in sweden .
the title was recreated in 1714 for charles montagu , 1st baron halifax , first lord of the treasury to george i , along with the courtesy title of viscount sunbury .
nicolas escudé defeated tim henman 3–6 , 7–6 , 6–4
in the california state legislature , hollister is in , and in .
yemen is now a dominant-party system with the general people 's congress in power .
the johnston 's organ is an example of an amphinematic chordotonal organ .
in addition , their label , sony music , merged with sony bmg .
tlatilco is a site in the valley of mexico .
mountain view is a city in howell county , missouri , united state .
its outlet , conewago creek , is a southwest-flowing tributary of the susquehanna river .
hampton university is a private historically black research university in hampton , virginia .
eigerøya is an island off the coast of egersund .
bethel township is a township in fulton county , pennsylvania , united state .
hoopa is on the trinity river .
carbon monoxide reduces palladium ( ii ) chloride to palladium :
from magnesium chloride , electrolysis produces magnesium .
the chapel held two altarpiece .
gamprin is a municipality of liechtenstein with 1,690 inhabitant .
satna district is a district of madhya pradesh state in central india .
mountain view is home to an extension of southwest baptist university .
zoobank is an adjunct to the international commission on zoological nomenclature or iczn .
the grande bibliothèque is located on berri street near de maisonneuve boulevard .
the grenada , ms micropolitan statistical area includes all of grenada county .
øygarden is a municipality in vestland county , norway .
cape irizaki is wide , long , and jut into the east china sea northwest from yonaguni island .
nainital bank was founded by govind ballabh pant .
transdev nsw operates bus route 978 to caringbah and miranda .
praline include nut but not usually chocolate .
big lake is a lake in edmonton metropolitan region , canada .
travertine is often used as a building material .
awk was originally written in 1977 and distributed with version 7 unix .
dunston is a railway station on the tyne valley line , which runs between and .
gioia sannitica borders the following municipality : alife , alvignano , cusano mutri , faicchio , ruviano , san potito sannitico .
an aria is a formal musical composition unlike its counterpart , the recitative .
belfast upper is a barony in county antrim , northern ireland .
santa fe de antioquia is a municipality in the antioquia department , colombia .
david nalbandian was the defending champion , but lost in the third round to juan martín del potro .
gen. george s. greene led the 2nd division at the battle of antietam .
the metropolitan borough of wirral is a metropolitan borough of merseyside , in north west england .
deerwood is a city in crow wing county , minnesota , united state .
highams park is a district of chingford in the london borough of waltham forest , england .
the cyrix mediagx platform remained with national semiconductor .
puryear is a city in henry county , tennessee , united state .
`` kami '' is the japanese word for a god , deity , divinity , or spirit .
grand théâtre de genève is an opera house in geneva , switzerland .
lostock hall is a suburban village within the south ribble borough of lancashire , england .
brittany is closely associated with the matter of britain and king arthur .
patch can also circulate in the form of source code modification .
white oak bayou is a slow-moving river in houston , texas .
bedlinog is the only community in merthyr tydfil county borough to elect a community council .
kamalgazi is on the state highway 1 .
the people 's national party under her leadership lost the 25 february 2016 general election to the andrew holness-led jamaica labour party .
the western fence lizard occupies a variety of habitat .
the lithuanian institute of history ( ) is a state-funded research institution in lithuania .
it is about south of westerham , and chartwell is nearby .
in the southeast , the isthmus of chignecto connects it to nova scotia .
in 1997 , acclaim entertainment relaunched its comic book division .
shandong is part of the eastern block of the north china craton .
kollegah has worked with rapper farid bang on several collaborative album .
tourmaline also occurs in some aplite .
finland is the eighth largest country in europe after russia , france , ukraine , spain , sweden , norway and germany .
frankston is a town in anderson county , texas , united state .
union high school is an american public high school in vancouver , washington .
the porta carmentalis was a double gate in the servian wall of ancient rome .
la vista is a city in sarpy county , nebraska , united state .
styginidae is a family of trilobite in the order corynexochida .
wittow is the northernmost peninsula of the island of rügen .
a kandake was a powerful position in the hierarchy of kingdom of kush .
the kansas city live stock exchange was the headquarters of the kansas city stockyard .
rafael nadal was the defending champion , but he lost to ivan ljubičić in the semifinal .
potassium alum historically was mainly extracted from alunite .
uzbekistan is a doubly landlocked country in central asia .
bald eagle is an unincorporated populated place in blair county , pennsylvania , united state .
in 1968 , jorge pacheco areco of the colorado party ruled in uruguay .
denny hulme finished second for the brabham team and scuderia ferrari driver chris amon came in third .
forsan is a city in howard county , texas , united state .
tulla is a town and a parish in the barony of tulla upper .
byron is also a bedroom community for nearby rochester .
tris mccall was born in new jersey .
radioactive decay often proceeds via a sequence of step ( decay chain ) .
the 47th battalion received the following battle honour :
dutch harbor is a harbor on amaknak island in unalaska , alaska .
iran has an embassy in ankara , and consulate in istanbul , erzurum and trabzon .
brandon is a city in minnehaha county , south dakota , united state .
then , hurricane sandy damaged 1,000 bicycle and 60 station in storage at brooklyn navy yard .
dundas house is a neoclassical building in edinburgh , scotland .
the clerestory has paired window with ball flower decoration and gargoyle .
the new zealand māori team took part in the first pacifica cup .
bulimba is a suburb in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
the ommegang of brussels is celebrated every july in brussels .
merta city lies in the geographical center of rajasthan .
pembroke is the largest commercial centre between north bay and ottawa .
cairo was a station on the oregon short line railroad ( osl ) to vale .
the pine creek rail trail pass through cedar run .
deficit spending increases the money supply .
`` hammerhead '' is a song by american punk rock band the offspring .
stratford high school is a secondary school in houston , texas , united state .
hyaloclastite occurs around the base of mount berlin .
section form a sheaf .
serbia competed in european championship b division along with czech republic , great britain and italy .
rawalpindi cricket stadium is an international standard cricket stadium in rawalpindi , pakistan .
winchester was long the transportation hub of the lower shenandoah valley in virginia .
dobrosloveni is a commune in olt county , oltenia , romania .
the sri lanka army medical corp maintains a base hospital in diyatalawa .
the asteroid was first identified as at simeiz observatory .
incumbent mark rutte lives in a flat in downtown the hague .
jennifer capriati was the defending champion , but lost in semifinal to patty schnyder
o'dempseys gaelic athletic association club is a gaelic football club in killenard , county laois , republic of ireland .
ennis is home to the national polka festival and the texas motorplex .
alveley is a civil parish in shropshire , england .
moradabad railway station is 30 km to the west of rampur .
lardal ( ) is a former municipality in vestfold county , norway .
tunisia is the biggest exporter of prepared harissa .
raaf williams is the world 's oldest operating air force base and the birthplace of the royal australian air force .
vizzolo predabissi borders the following municipality : colturano , dresano , casalmaiocco , melegnano , cerro al lambro , sordio , san zenone al lambro .
heinz günthardt and peter mcnamara were the defending champion but only mcnamara competed that year with paul mcnamee .
nobleton is located in northeastern hernando county at .
villa maría del triunfo is a district of the lima province in peru .
neon golden is the fifth studio album by german indie rock band the notwist .
laurentian university is home to the sudbury campus of the northern ontario school of medicine .
yamini krishnamurthy was born in madanapalli , chittoor district , andhra pradesh .
lucky town is the tenth studio album by american singer-songwriter bruce springsteen .
morelos has attracted visitor from the valley of mexico since aztec time .
bero was separated from maji woreda .
hopewell township is a township in cumberland county , new jersey , in the united state .
the wabash river forms the western boundary of new harmony .
the canal is part of the saint lawrence seaway .
the moshav is within the jurisdiction of the jezreel valley regional council .
the antarctic ice sheet is the largest single mass of ice on earth .
its supreme appellate court therefore remains the british judicial committee of the privy council .
the other school in the district , hanover park high school , serves student from east hanover and florham park .
each ward requires at least 15 active , full-tithe-paying melchizedek priesthood holder .
brereton is a civil parish in cheshire east , england .
kinderton is an electoral ward in middlewich , cheshire , england .
hmnzs `` tui '' ( t234 ) was a of the royal new zealand navy .
álex lópez morón / rafael nadal defeated todd perry / thomas shimada 6–1 , 6–3
setthathirath again fled vientiane .
after the tang dynasty , mount putuo became a center of guanyin worship .
east knox high school ( ekhs ) is a public high school in howard , ohio , united state .
wiconisco township is a township in dauphin county , pennsylvania , united state .
a carboxylate is the conjugate base of a carboxylic acid .
clinton is a village in sheridan county , nebraska , united state .
galmoylestown upper is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
many orchid , bromeliads , fern and moss often grow as epiphyte .
private law includes , in particular , civil law and criminal law .
, index fungorum accepts 28 specie in `` podaxis '' :
wonju became part of chungju district .
periyakulam is a state assembly constituency in theni district in tamil nadu .
marysville is a borough in perry county , pennsylvania , united state .
coralline algae are red algae in the order corallinales .
newberry township is a township in york county , pennsylvania , united state .
plantar wart occur on the sol of foot and toe .
lakeview is a neighborhood of the city of new orleans .
under host jon stewart , `` the daily show '' rose to critical acclaim .
st patrick 's industrial school , upton was an industrial school in upton , county cork , republic of ireland .
midnight oil had recorded 20 track with warne livesey producing .
both adjectival verb and adjectival noun can form adverb .
cinderhill is an area in the city of nottingham .
social class is a major factor in infant mortality , both historically and today .
bure is one of the woredas in the amhara region of ethiopia .
oxbow is an unincorporated community in baker county , oregon , united state .
health marketing or medical marketing is a specialized branch of marketing .
jefferson boulevard is a street in los angeles and culver city , california .
poro region is one of the 31 region of ivory coast .
hockey newfoundland and labrador is a branch of hockey canada .
avenida brasil is an expressway-like thoroughfare in rio de janeiro .
royal oak encompasses a major span of the woodward dream cruise .
moore haven is located on the southwest shoreline of lake okeechobee .
cardiac muscle is the muscle of the heart .
decker is a town in johnson township , knox county , indiana , united state .
louisville township is a township in red lake county , minnesota , united state .
as with all bamboo , the culm emerge from subterranean rhizome .
relation with neighbouring libya , and sudan vary periodically .
clunbury is a civil parish in shropshire , england .
kandla is the first free trade zone # export processing zone in india .
in 2019 , former new south wale rugby league premiership side university entered the sydney shield .
tatarstan has competed in the turkvision song contest twice .
jatinegara is one of the district of east jakarta .
many ac transit line follow old route of the key system .
state line avenue is a north–south arterial road in texarkana , united state .
kabaddi is the state sport of tamil nadu .
the tirana location house the archive of the party of labour of albania .
kent county cricket club have played at catford several time in the past .
west burlington township is a township in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
the kallang ground is a cricket ground in kallang , singapore .
the karol szymanowski academy of music is a school of music of university level in katowice , in poland .
the graphical x window system starts in the seventh virtual console .
downtown atlanta is the central business district of atlanta , georgia , united state .
estonia honored the diplomat in 2002 with the order of the white star ii .
john newcombe defeated roscoe tanner 7–6 , 7–6
from byzantine example , the solomonic column passed to western romanesque architecture .
moucha island is the largest island in djibouti .
eddy and vortex may form in any fluid .
stanford on soar is the most southerly civil parish in nottinghamshire .
bob bryan and mike bryan won in the final 6–3 , 6–4 against jeff coetzee and chris haggard .
however , philip v of macedon maintained his alliance with the roman , along with the achaean league , rhodes , pergamon , and athens .
the toowoomba post office is one of three extant post office built in the classic revival style .
nuclear weapon also produce very large quantity of neutrino .
castle leod is the seat of the clan mackenzie .
dock3 specifically activates the small g protein rac .
zinc accepts finish , such as black and copper .
lodja is home to the lodja airport .
liu brooklyn is a private university in brooklyn , new york city .
the turkey river is a tributary of the upper mississippi river .
summit is a city in union county , new jersey , united state .
these commuter rail line all continue to south station .
gudovac is a village in croatia .
the tibet autonomous region is a province-level entity of the people 's republic of china .
the cotton club reopened later that year at broadway and 48th .
east branch briar creek begins in a lake in briar creek township , immediately south of lee mountain .
nausea , vomiting and diarrhea are more rare symptom of ectopic pregnancy .
the susquehanna river forms the eastern boundary with northumberland county .
tokugawa ieyasu established the tokugawa shogunate here .
the jerrabomberra district is a district of canberra .
mikhail youzhny defeated karol beck 6–2 , 6–2
duleep singh was from his last wife , jind kaur .
javascript is commonly used in web browser .
the emme is a river in switzerland .
sir frederick stopford was a lieutenant general in the british army and the hon .
old ocean is an unincorporated community in brazoria county , texas , united state .
tuberculosis is one of china 's major public health problem .
the royal new brunswick regiment is part of 37 canadian brigade group , 5th canadian division .
liu yao then pressed into chang'an the same year .
ty detmer was entering his third year as a starter and a heisman trophy candidate .
sophia is a town in raleigh county , west virginia , united state .
unlike perfect competition , imperfect competition invariably means market power is unequally distributed .
aleppo pine are used for bonsai .
the jokioinen museum railway is located in jokioinen , finland .
wrightsville is a city in pulaski county , arkansas , united state .
cressona is in the coal region of pennsylvania .
east indian railway company extended the grand chord to katrasgarh via dhanbad in 1894 .
the tudor city apartment complex is to the south of turtle bay .
ekpoma is a town in edo state , nigeria .
in the california state legislature , west hollywood is in , and in .
the mississippi army national guard is the army national guard component of the mississippi national guard .
peng shuai was the defending champion , but lost in the semifinal to maria sharapova .
round top is a town in fayette county , texas , united state .
randolph is a city in clay county , missouri , united state .
the dekalb county public library operates two branch in tucker .
the deepest living seaweed are some specie of red algae .
lake forest park is situated at the north end of lake washington .
republican institute for vocational education was a partner of a belarusian premier league football team mtz-ripo minsk .
across warnscale is fleetwith pike , a satellite of grey knotts .
skallum is an area at stabekk in bærum , norway .
zigzag is an unincorporated community in clackamas county , oregon , united state .
charlottetown is home to the university of prince edward island .
william golden is one of the pioneer of american graphic design .
euskotren tranbia operates with the caf urbos tram .
the first fundamental form may be represented as a symmetric matrix .
garden city is a town in northwestern rich county , utah , united state .
within macomb county , sterling height and warren have large asian population .
dalgety bay ( ) is a coastal town and parish in fife , scotland .
richland is a city in baker county , oregon , united state .
an alkoxide is the conjugate base of an alcohol
studio school and university technical college are both sub-types of free school .
the world 's tallest mountain , the karakorum , pamirs and tian shan divide china from south and central asia .
mount regan is located at the southern end of sawtooth lake .
the new thought movement is not part of new age but does share certain practice .
the barakar river is the main tributary of the damodar river in eastern india .
bolton is a town in hind county , mississippi , united state .
lindevang station is a rapid transit station on the copenhagen metro in frederiksberg , denmark .
garfield ridge is in stickney township in cook county .
in 1821 , mexico gained its independence from spain following the mexican war of independence .
winter garden has the highest elevation spot in orange county .
east alton is a village in madison county , illinois , united state .
the santa rosa range is a mountain range in humboldt county , nevada , united state .
abdul hamid ( 2 january 1950 , chapar , dhubri district ( assam ) ) is a leader of indian national congress from assam .
in mathematical logic , satisfiability and validity are elementary concept of semantics .
sonnenbühl lies on the northern edge of the swabian jura .
kilkenny castle is a castle in kilkenny .
indian people 's forward bloc is a political party in west bengal , india .
biodiversity is the result of 3.5 billion year of evolution .
moshe katsav was the first likud president .
thomas enqvist / magnus larsson defeated olivier delaître / fabrice santoro 6–3 , 6–4
in statistic , prediction is a part of statistical inference .
the copper range company operated a copper mine in white pine .
guma bara bamonia and khordabamonia form a cluster of census town .
carrolltown is a borough in cambria county , pennsylvania , united state .
branicki palace ( ) is a historical edifice in białystok , poland .
pollard 's rho algorithm is an algorithm for integer factorization .
ayatollah mahmoud hashemi shahroudi was born in najaf , iraq .
hedgehope was also once the terminus of the hedgehope branch railway .
point pleasant scene were shot in kittanning , pennsylvania .
southbridge is a city in worcester county , massachusetts , united state .
baron inchiquin ( ) is one of the older title in the peerage of ireland .
european route e6 also runs through røra .
`` the standard code of parliamentary procedure '' does not have the `` previous question '' .
columbia township is the center of the east gibson school corporation .
the white buffalo cow society originated with the mandan but was adopted by the hidatsa .
daisy hill is a suburb of logan city , queensland , australia .
john the baptist ritually cleansed the faithful of their sin in the jordan river .
currie is a district of girlguiding edinburgh .
peterborough is the seat of the district council of peterborough .
maynard dixon was born in 1875 in fresno , california .
maine township is a township in otter tail county , minnesota , united state .
the texas annexation was the 1845 annexation of the republic of texas into the united state of america .
banatsko karađorđevo ( ) is a village in serbia .
sodium channel blocker are also used as local anesthetic and anticonvulsant .
in 1873 , sweden and denmark formed the scandinavian monetary union .
the incumbent mayor bob chiarelli had long been the main advocate for light rail in ottawa .
vicálvaro is a district in the southeast of madrid , spain .
denny hamlin led on lap 228 , with matt kenseth 2.5 second behind .
the gulf of tribugá is on the pacific coast of colombia in the chocó department .
on 9 february pavel grudinin visited nizhny novgorod .
shey is a village in the leh district of ladakh , india .
honor killing is associated with the middle east and south asia .
tetelcingo is a town in cuautla , morelos , mexico .
rixeyville is an unincorporated community in culpeper county , virginia , united state .
the museum is affiliated with : cma , chin and virtual museum of canada .
hayesville is a town in clay county , north carolina , in the united state .
hayat tv is a television station from sarajevo , bosnia and herzegovina .
cecil is an unincorporated community in morrow county , oregon , united state .
clayton is a borough in gloucester county , new jersey , united state .
suryapet is a constituency of telangana legislative assembly that includes the city of suryapet .
oliveto lario borders the following municipality : abbadia lariana , barni , bellagio , civenna , lasnigo , lierna , magreglio , mandello del lario , valbrona , varenna .
apatite is found in sedimentary , metamorphic , igneous , and volcanic rock .
holy family university is a roman catholic liberal art university in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
lepirudin is an anticoagulant that function as a direct thrombin inhibitor .
today , grebe lake holds both arctic grayling and rainbow trout .
streptomycin is a protein synthesis inhibitor .
nankeen night heron typically nest in dense tree , but also nest in marsh and swamp .
annapolis road ( maryland route 648 ) runs north–south through baltimore highland .
a summary of evidence memo was prepared for his first annual administrative review board .
nuclear power plant create electricity through the process of nuclear fission .
art gallery of uzbekistan is located in buyuk turon street , tashkent city , uzbekistan .
apulia is also the largest producer of olive oil in italy .
ronggeng might have originated from java in indonesia .
yankton county lies on the south side of south dakota .
spironolactone is dethioacetylated into canrenone .
ayr is a town and locality in the shire of burdekin , queensland , australia .
nfl on cbs broadcast the rest of the afc playoff game and super bowl xli .
the district council of coglin was a local government area in south australia .
entiat is a city in chelan county , washington , united state .
the latin alphabet was devised from the etruscan alphabet .
the university of arkansas is located in fayetteville , arkansas .
in 1881 , henri rivière became commandant de la division in cochinchina .
seljalandsfoss is a waterfall in iceland .
`` ribeiroia ondatrae '' has an indirect complex biological life cycle .
clare rural district was a rural district in the county of west suffolk , england .
west broadway was once two street : chapel street below canal street , and laurens street above it .
gaya is a department of the dosso region in niger .
manzano is part of the albuquerque metropolitan statistical area .
mutualism plays a key part in ecology and evolution .
in august 2012 , free agent aguilar went on trial at msv duisburg .
macmillan of canada was a major competitor of the new canadian library .
the glass cockpit has become standard equipment in airliner , business jet , and military aircraft .
this species is the largest in the priacanthidae .
wakefield township is a township in stearns county , minnesota , united state .
gaetano cima died in cagliari in 1878 .
denshaw lies within the saddleworth north electoral ward .
cresskill is a borough in bergen county , new jersey , united state .
whale toured with tricky , blur and placebo .
the shire of harvey is a local government area of western australia .
his brother , ma buqing , remained a military general on taiwan .
iter incorporates total containment facility for tritium .
saegertown is a borough in crawford county , pennsylvania , united state .
early radio format on wmde included classical music , middle of the road music and jazz .
tearce ( , ) is a municipality in northwestern north macedonia .
the community is currently part of conwy county borough .
salmiya souq is a shopping mall in salmiya , kuwait .
east lyme is a new england town in new london county , connecticut , united state .
the vienna school of art history ( ) was the development of fundamental art-historical method at the university of vienna .
for example , the 2010 nfl draft was for the 2010 nfl season .
the new albert bridge opened in 1873 , less than from battersea bridge .
sultan hasanuddin international airport ( ) is an international airport in makassar , south sulawesi .
ebenezer mcjunkin was born at center township , butler county , pennsylvania .
the first time tommy and tuppence appeared in a christie novel was in `` the secret adversary '' ( 1922 ) .
in practice , he ruled over lithuanian ruthenia only , whereas lithuania proper was the domain of his equally able brother kęstutis .
jackson township is a township in perry county , pennsylvania , united state .
gecko implement open standard for html , cs , and javascript .
syringol is a naturally occurring aromatic organic compound .
the family 's new york city home was an opulent mansion at 742–748 fifth avenue .
mount lawley is an inner northern suburb of perth , western australia .
eusébio had also attracted the interest of sporting cp .
tawang is part of arunachal east lok sabha constituency .
the cathedral has a latin cross floorplan .
the cayuga people are another of the six iroquois nation .
monica seles defeated chris evert 3–6 , 6–1 , 6–4
smyrna is a town in aroostook county , maine , united state .
laconia lies fully within the merrimack river watershed .
clinton township is a township in rock county , minnesota , united state .
staffanstorp municipality ( ) is a municipality in skåne county , southern sweden .
steinach is a river of thuringia and bavaria , germany .
the squadron moved to barksdale air force base , louisiana in october .
the fronde facilitated the emergence of absolute monarchy .
the characteristic function exists for all probability distribution .
perinad is situated on the shore of ashtamudi lake .
penobscot county comprises the bangor , me metropolitan statistical area .
innherredsferja was based in levanger .
dwight township is located in livingston county , illinois .
private property and individual contract form the basis of economic liberalism .
lewis steward was born in wayne county , pennsylvania .
the xiongnu controlled the region after the fall of qin dynasty .
grise fiord is a waterway on ellesmere island , qikiqtaaluk region , nunavut , canada .
biogas is a renewable energy source .
leesburg is a city in lee county , georgia , united state .
australian aboriginal culture has thrived on oral tradition and oral history passed down through thousand of year .
the los angeles county sheriff 's department ( lasd ) operates the east los angeles station in east los angeles .
japan received 765 polish orphan from siberia .
drostanolone propionate is not active via the oral route and must be administered via intramuscular injection .
laas geel is a complex of cave and rock shelter in northwestern somalia .
in 1829 and 1831 the painting was on exhibit at the national academy of design .
beaver county is a municipal district in central-east alberta , canada .
kendal power station is a coal-fired power station in mpumalanga , south africa .
st john 's college is a constituent college of the university of oxford .
margaret bridge was the second permanent bridge in budapest after széchenyi chain bridge .
after 1933 , czechoslovakia remained the only democracy in central and eastern europe .
based on their ranking in the 2017–18 bobsleigh world cup , switzerland has qualified 5 sled .
randolph county is part of indiana 's 6th congressional district and is represented in congress by republican greg penny .
two large lake are located in harney basin : the malheur and harney lake .
progreso is a city in hidalgo county , texas , united state .
kappa is a village in woodford county , illinois , united state .
bewcastle is in the parliamentary constituency of penrith and the border .
the 1928 italian grand prix was a grand prix motor race run on 9 september 1928 , at autodromo nazionale di monza .
leila ross wilburn was born in macon , georgia .
viewed in deposit , as with a spore print , the spore appear white .
thorar is a town in poonch district in azad kashmir .
the patron saint is saint patrick .
pro * c uses either c or c++ as its host language .
questa is a village in taos county , new mexico , united state .
cao cao appointed him as an assistant officer ( ) in ji province .
lumla is part of arunachal east lok sabha constituency .
zener diode have a low breakdown voltage .
paraguay–south korea relation are foreign relation between paraguay and south korea .
the red moor lies within this natural region .
altoona is a city in eau claire county , wisconsin , united state .
h. p. lovecraft read `` the king in yellow '' in early 1927
in 1984 former creedence clearwater revival guitarist john fogerty alluded to reagan once again for his single `` the old man down the road '' .
cordova is home to a branch of the memphis public library system .
sanderao is a village in pali district of rajasthan state in india .
the woodbend group is a stratigraphical unit of frasnian age in the western canadian sedimentary basin .
riverdale is a large neighbourhood in toronto , ontario , canada .
his uncle noel lemass and aunt eileen lemass were also member of dáil éireann .
mount barker road starts from the `` old toll gate '' at glen osmond .
blawnox is a borough in allegheny county , pennsylvania , united state .
the inspector general of police ( igp ) is the professional head of the sri lanka police .
southside place is a city in west central harris county , texas , united state .
lakewood is a city in pierce county , washington , united state .
eram district ( ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in dashtestan county , bushehr province , iran .
in parliamentary procedure , an adjournment ends a meeting .
the church consists of an octagonal west tower and spire , nave , chancel , south aisle , south porch and parvise .
county route 503 ( kinderkamack road ) passes through hillsdale .
bletchley is a constituent town of milton keynes , buckinghamshire , england .
spring grove is a borough in york county , pennsylvania , united state .
dunboyne got its name from boann , the goddess of the river boyne .
pacific county is a county in the u.s. state of washington .
konstantine vardzelashvili ( born 26 july 1972 in tbilisi ) is vice-president of the constitutional court of georgia .
kitisuru is an affluent residential suburb of nairobi .
this group , usually denoted formula_2 , is fundamental in number theory .
the 2019 european youth olympic winter festival was held in sarajevo & istočno sarajevo , bosnia and herzegovina from 9 to 16 february .
for the costa rica 2011 census , cañas had a population of inhabitant .
kapalua airport is a subordinate of the maui district official .
the qiantang river or alternatively tsientang river is a river in east china .
on september 14 , 2019 norwegian air shuttle ended service to stewart international airport .
banff is a town within banff national park in alberta , canada .
conchita martínez was the defending champion , but lost in the semifinal to jana novotná .
rudheath is near northwich .
here elohim has a singular verb and clearly refers to god .
in 1776 , bezhetsk became the seat of bezhetsky uyezd .
in early october , karađorđe fled to the austrian empire .
san benito county has the last elected marshal in california .
krishna survived as the foster son of yashoda .
jauja lies in the fertile mantaro valley at an altitude of .
k-44 first appeared on the 1927 kansa state highway map .
according to the constitution of bosnia and herzegovina , the collective presidency of bosnia and herzegovina is the commander-in-chief of the armed force of bosnia and herzegovina .
norvell township occupies the southeast corner of jackson county .
balaprasada was the eldest son of his predecessor anahilla .
jiang ziya is an apprentice of master of the kunlun mountains yuanshi tianzun .
president donald trump praised the tea party movement throughout his 2016 campaign .
bucknell university is a private liberal art college in lewisburg , pennsylvania .
the regiment lives on as g squadron , 1st royal tank regiment ( 1rtr ) .
the platycnemididae are a family of damselfly .
the most common massless bose gas is a photon gas in a black body .
taishi ci rode forth and engaged sun ce in battle .
serengeti district is one of the seven district of mara region of tanzania .
rabah is a local government area in sokoto state , nigeria .
tropolone is a grape polyphenol oxidase enzyme inhibitor .
valley city is an unincorporated community in central liverpool township , medina county , ohio , united state .
homeland is a city in charlton county , georgia , united state .
this gecko feeds on small invertebrate , including insect , crustacean and spider .
beeston hockey club is based at nottingham hockey centre .
hamburg steak is a patty of ground beef .
klisa ( , ) is a village in croatia .
the revolutionary government of zanzibar is the semi-autonomous government of zanzibar , a part of tanzania .
subsequent research has supported this , and weight loss is a first line treatment in type 2 diabetes .
kingsford smith drive is a major road in brisbane .
shiprock high school is a public high school in shiprock , new mexico ( usa ) .
the gimone flows into the garonne near castelsarrasin .
the eurovision song contest 2008 was the 53rd edition of the annual eurovision song contest .
hokkaido celebrates its winter weather at the sapporo snow festival .
farmington is an unincorporated community in washington county , oregon , united state .
zavala ( ) is a village in the ravno municipality , in bosnia and herzegovina .
esther vergeer defeated sharon walraven , 6–0 , 6–0
blythe is served by palo verde valley transit agency .
since 2017 , west coast fever have played in suncorp super netball .
in the california state legislature , alum rock is in , and in .
in 560 , yuwen hu killed yuwen yu and replaced him with yuwen yong , posthumously emperor wu of northern zhou .
elsah is a village in jersey county , illinois .
as the county seat , leavenworth is the administrative center of leavenworth county .
downtown spokane is the central business district of spokane , washington .
1st runner-up , nana meriwether , replaces her as miss usa .
canton is a town in blaine county , oklahoma , united state .
the variety spoken there , costa rican spanish , is a form of central american spanish .
the oxford school of music is in cumnor hill .
nelson county is part of the charlottesville , va metropolitan statistical area .
the srubnaya culture was a successor of the catacomb culture .
conestoga township is a township in west central lancaster county , pennsylvania , united state .
in the california state legislature , taylorsville is in , and .
presidio is a city in presidio county , texas , united state .
900 biscayne bay is a skyscraper in miami , florida , united state .
center township is one of ten township in gibson county , indiana .
new jersey transit provides service to and from philadelphia on the 409 .
nathalie dechy and meilen tu were the defending champion but only dechy competed that year with émilie loit .
adolf hitler moves into buckingham palace and plan to marry into the windsor .
inverleigh is from melbourne by rail .
the town is in the historical region marsica .
the mainsail has slab reefing .
center township is a township in indiana county , pennsylvania , united state .
the george r. brown school of engineering is an academic school at rice university in houston , texas .
italy competed at the 2004 summer paralympics in athens , greece .
washington township is a township in gloucester county , new jersey , united state .
bletchley park later became famous for the world war ii codebreaking effort there .
fullerene is a ligand in organometallic chemistry .
nelson county was created in 1807 from amherst county .
avon is a village in the town of avon , livingston county , new york , united state .
silt and clay pellet can be part of the dune .
sequence can be generalized to net or filter .
according to sherira gaon , rava died in 352 ce .
energy consumption is the amount of energy or power used .
indiahoma is a town in comanche county , oklahoma , united state .
chhattisgarh is central state of the union of india .
ivangorod fortress ( , , ) is a medieval castle in ivangorod , leningrad oblast , russia .
glacier erode terrain through two principal process : abrasion and plucking .
nicolás pereira defeated grant stafford 4–6 , 6–4 , 6–4
glen osmond boasted substantial mineral deposit , and vineyard were established at magill and stonyfell .
romford is a large town in east london and the administrative centre of the london borough of havering .
darkseid goes to highfather .
curt bromm is a politician from the u.s. state of nebraska .
ebonyi state is in southeastern nigeria .
switzerland county is part of indiana 's 6th congressional district .
the alaska marmot has ancestry to the pleistocene epoch .
team pursuit works similarly to individual pursuit .
albany has a great deal of historical significance to western australia .
the fugue ends with a picardy third .
oakleaf high school is the only school in clay county with the aviation/aerospace academy .
agroforestry provides many example of reconciliation ecology at work .
big mountain is a mountain in pushmataha county , oklahoma .
gračišće ( ) is a village and municipality of istria county in croatia .
rivoli township is located in mercer county , illinois .
andoor is part of marangattupilly gram panchayat of uzhavoor block panchayati raj .
creswell is a civil parish in the borough of stafford , staffordshire , england .
rockaway beach is a city in taney county , missouri , united state .
manciano is southwest of pitigliano and northeast of orbetello .
przechlewo is a former pkp railway station in przechlewo ( pomeranian voivodeship ) , poland .
pakistani pop music refers to popular music form in pakistan .
slime mold begin life as amoeba-like cell .
during the british raj , patna was part of the bengal presidency .
thereafter , the hanseatic league became the dominant economic power in the baltic sea .
west san jose is the western san jose , california in silicon valley .
the central american squirrel monkey has a restricted distribution in costa rica and panama .
fatal accident inquiry are conducted in a sheriff court .
rostock was the largest coastal and most important port city in east germany .
newbury is a town in merrimack county , new hampshire , united state .
randaberg is a municipality in rogaland county , norway .
the late 15th-century chancel now serves as the choir .
cr vasco da gama declared as the campeonato carioca champion .
tel aviv central bus station is located near tel aviv hahagana railway station , but there is no direct link between them .
jasmine rice is a variety of `` oryza sativa '' .
epworth is in the isle of axholme .
the division initially consisted of the 325th , 326th and 327th infantry regiment , and supporting unit .
no music video was made for the single .
nikolaus pevsner describes the church of england parish church as `` archaeologically uncommonly interesting '' .
at 32 lap marco andretti led from james hinchcliffe and ryan briscoe .
the larva must live in saltwater and move to fresh water as adult .
distcc works as an agent for the compiler .
gatundu became one of the district in kiambu county .
during the 2005–06 spanish football season , valencia cf competed in la liga .
oregon 8 is located entirely within washington county .
production assistant is a similar position in the film industry .
finley is a city in steele county , north dakota .
radnor high school is a public high school in radnor , pennsylvania .
northern wei occupied shanshan .
trend news agency ( ) is a news company in azerbaijan , the caucasusregion , and central asia .
centerville is a town in hickman county , tennessee , united state .
tuxedo is a residential suburb of winnipeg , manitoba .
the g15 shenyang–haikou expressway and china national highway 104 both run through the district .
the fairy godmother is a special case of the donor .
monea castle is a castle in monea , county fermanagh , northern ireland .
lockhart is a town in union county , south carolina , united state .
vakathanam is an important commercial center of kottayam .
dysart ( ) is a civil parish in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
claude 's syndrome affect oculomotor nerve , red nucleus and brachium conjunctivum .
lapinjärvi ( ; ) is a municipality of finland .
łobez lies upon the rega river .
in 1878 , simon newcomb took observation on the speed of light .
mangalore university ( mu ) is a public university in konaje , mangaluru , karnataka , india .
oneida county was formed in 1887 from section of lincoln county .
the smaller ballona creek flows into the santa monica bay at playa del rey .
the neuquén province receives its name from the neuquén river .
jackson township is a township in greene county , pennsylvania , united state .
amélie mauresmo was the defending champion but withdrew from her semifinal match against lindsay davenport .
a system call is an entry point into the linux kernel .
the muslim conquest of egypt took place in ad 639 , during the byzantine empire .
comac has its head office in pudong .
truth function are function from sequence of truth value to truth value .
the river suir forms the border between county waterford and county kilkenny .
sugarloaf township is a township in columbia county , pennsylvania , united state .
tamara todevska was born in skopje .
the royal drawing school is an educational organisation and registered charity in the london borough of hackney in england .
vratišinec ( ) is a municipality in međimurje county , croatia .
christchurch is an unincorporated community in middlesex county , virginia , united state .
the sarawak river ( ) is a river in sarawak , malaysia .
valpy french became the first bishop of lahore in 1877 .
opium contains two main group of alkaloid .
based on parallax measurement this star is about from the earth .
the 3500 south max provides service from south salt lake to magna .
line 3 is a north-south line of the shanghai metro network .
leucine and isoleucine belong to the proteinogenic amino acid ; the others are non-natural .
iravan played a huge role in the kurukshetra war .
sif and freyja do battle with hel .
the historic elkridge furnace inn site resides within the patapsco valley state park .
the daily gamecock ( formerly the gamecock ) is the editorially independent student news organization of the university of south carolina .
annerley road is an arterial road in brisbane , queensland , australia .
viscount clare was a title in the peerage of ireland , created twice .
homa bay county is a county in the former nyanza province of kenya .
the hinchinbrook channel is a channel between the australian mainland and hinchinbrook island .
sri lanka hosted the 2012 icc world twenty20 .
pipestone county lies on the west line of minnesota .
rocky marciano fought two celebrated boxing match with ezzard charles .
logan is an unincorporated community in gallatin county , montana , united state .
clarecastle ( clare abbey ) is a parish in the roman catholic diocese of killaloe .
the dawson highway is a state highway in queensland , australia .
provenance is the reconstruction of the origin of sediment .
pang de remained in hanzhong with zhang lu .
the roman catholic archdiocese of alba iulia ( ) is a latin church catholic archdiocese in transylvania , romania .
the moira river flows to the bay of quinte on lake ontario .
judson college is a private baptist woman 's college in marion , alabama .
chief is the third studio album by american country music artist eric church .
wang lin further delivered him to jiankang .
renk is a town in south sudan .
previously the south shore protestant regional school board operated protestant public school in brossard .
suppose that lois lane fell out of a window and superman caught her .
monica seles won in the final 4–6 , 7–6 , 6–3 against lindsay davenport .
jainism has a considerable following in the wayanad district .
packwood is a city in jefferson county , iowa , united state .
in 2005 , the government of tamil nadu applied for geographical indication for coimbatore wet grinder .
some predatory fish include perch , muskie , pike , walleye and salmon .
the larva feed on `` vaccinium myrtillus '' .
his daughter shelley moore capito is the current junior united state senator from west virginia .
brazilianite also found with tourmaline and feldspar .
kabale district is a district in the western region of uganda .
at the 2011 geneva motor show , de tomaso presented a new model .
this gene may be critical in the development of ovarian cancer .
on the king 's death , sandringham passed to his daughter elizabeth ii .
melanoma is the most dangerous type of skin cancer .
to aarseth , hypertext fiction is a kind of ergodic literature :
today , the connecticut state university system is the largest public university system in connecticut .
richland is a city in keokuk county , iowa , united state .
geoff master / ross case defeated john james / chris kachel 7–6 , 6–2
garrett is a town in ellis county , texas , united state .
in 1982 , mark ella became captain of the australian national rugby union team , the wallaby .
alpena offers the following michigan high school athletic association ( mhsaa ) sanctioned sport :
sedgebrook is an english village and civil parish in the south kesteven district of lincolnshire .
serbian singer , songwriter , and producer željko joksimović grew up in valjevo .
located on a prominent street corner , the royal george hotel and ruddle 's building are important element in the fortitude valley streetscape .
karakabaklı is an archaeological site in mersin province , turkey .
jelena dokic won in the final 7–6 , 6–1 against amélie mauresmo .
meråker is a municipality in trøndelag county , norway .
the gulf of salwah ( dawhat salwah ) is the southern portion of the gulf of bahrain .
lewisburg is a city in greenbrier county , west virginia , united state .
note : aldosterone synthase is absent in other section of the adrenal gland .
outside the former county of london , the outer london borough were to be :
chang dance event is all over rajasthan .
a catholic school is a parochial school or education ministry of the catholic church .
serbian progressive party and its ally won the election , and dveri served in opposition .
sulfonic acid like trifluoromethanesulfonic acid is a frequently used reagent in organic chemistry .
the ecorse river is an river in southern michigan .
during the 1930s , doc kauffman served as chief electric guitar designer for rickenbacker .
rationalism is often contrasted with empiricism .
the 100th meridian west forms a great circle with the 80th meridian east .
jaswantpura is a village in the jahlore district of rajasthan , india .
sabina is a village in clinton county , ohio , united state .
perth stadium railway station is a railway station on the transperth network .
saint francis river passes through beau lake on the border between maine and quebec .
gowri memorial school , kadapa is a school in kadapa , andhra pradesh , india .
electronic visual display include television set , computer monitor , and digital signage .
dennis hartley was born in hemsworth , wakefield , west riding of yorkshire , england .
this has made saudi arabia the top supplier to china .
crew 's hole is an area in east bristol near st george .
the seed mature 6–8 month after pollination .
shamokin creek begin on the eastern edge of mount carmel .
vidyavihar is a small suburb of mumbai .
robert lewandowski and arjen robben scored for bayern and marco reus for borussia dortmund .
walla walla is the largest city and county seat of walla walla county , washington , united state .
the last four roller coaster do n't have an roller coaster inversion .
kalona is the second largest city in washington county .
luigi island ( ) is an island in franz josef land , russian federation .
grove is a city in delaware county , oklahoma , united state .
anand amritraj / vijay amritraj defeated dick crealy / onny parun 6–4 , 7–6
paraguay competed at the 2000 summer olympics in sydney , australia .
assumption college has several branch in thailand , including :
the county seat is princess anne .
kb karlskoga ff is a swedish association football club located in karlskoga .
the plain is an important stronghold for declining downland butterfly .
the grand théâtre de québec is a performing art complex in quebec city , quebec , canada .
type 2 diabetes is more closely associated with macrovascular disease than type 1 diabetes .
the town of goondiwindi was a local government area of queensland , australia .
quasipaa exilispinosa is a specie of frog in the family dicroglossidae .
by definition , general authority are member of the church 's priesthood .
ponneri is major destination for andhra pradesh people to buy good .
the larva are predator on the egg of grasshopper .
the republican party of iowa ( rpi ) is the affiliate of the united state republican party in iowa .
ghostlore or ghost-lore is a genre of folklore concerning ghost .
york university ( ) is a public research university in toronto , ontario , canada .
autódromo monterrey in apodaca , nuevo león is the venue .
frata ( ) is a commune in cluj county , transylvania , romania .
the corbin micropolitan area consisted of whitley county , and the london micropolitan area consisted of laurel county .
the 2013–14 taça de portugal ended on 18 may with the 2014 taça de portugal final .
charles floyd is the namesake of floyd county , iowa .
the war of 1812 was being waged concurrently with the creek war .
doña ana community college maintains a satellite campus in chaparral .
the following new york city subway station serves parkchester :
mountain view is an unincorporated community in logan county , west virginia , united state .
lunteren is a town in gelderland , the netherlands .
south dayi district is one of the eighteen district in volta region , ghana .
since park , no other miss nigeria has competed at miss universe .
lothian is one of the eight electoral region of the scottish parliament .
aradan county ) is a county in semnan province in iran .
hence pkc enzyme play important role in several signal transduction cascade .
the `` fudai '' ogasawara clan originated in 12th century shinano province .
real sociedad is a association football club from san sebastián , basque country .
worston is a civil parish in ribble valley , lancashire , england .
tora e piccilli border the following municipality : conca della campania , marzano appio , presenzano .
agustín calleri defeated juan ignacio chela 7–6 , 6–2 , 6–3
richardson bay separates the peninsula from the marin county mainland .
the 28th new zealand parliament continued , with the new zealand labour party in government .
kaveri enters tamil nadu through this district .
laibach would later provide a remix for the rammstein single `` ohne dich '' .
the first council of nicaea ( a.d. 325 ) distinguished between schism and heresy .
starbar is a brand of chocolate bar manufactured by cadbury .
justine henin defeated amélie mauresmo 7–5 , 6–7 , 7–6
also in 2005 , cinderella toured with firehouse , ratt , and quiet riot .
in 897 , wang gong attacked wang ke .
ecclesiastical polity is the operational and governance structure of a church or of a christian denomination .
sawah besar is a subdistrict ( kecamatan ) of central jakarta , indonesia .
during this period , nalgonda district was a part of the hyderabad state under nizam .
du quoin ( ) is a city in perry county , illinois .
maybole baptist church is the only baptist church in maybole , south ayrshire , scotland .
douglas is an unincorporated community in knox county , illinois , united state .
the agno river drains into lingayen gulf .
plön ( ) is a district in schleswig-holstein , germany .
the ulster defence regiment ( udr ) was the largest infantry regiment in the british army .
amphibious vehicle include amphibious bicycle , atvs , car , bus , truck , combat vehicle , boat and hovercraft .
beverley beach is an unincorporated community in anne arundel county , maryland , united state .
törökbálint is a town in pest county , hungary .
in 1999 , fog started in minneapolis , minnesota .
ligament tissue mainly consists of fibroblast and extracellular matrix .
shahriar county ( ) is a county in tehran province in iran .
the lerchenauer straße is a 5.5 km long arterial road in munich .
krayan is a district in nunukan regency , north kalimantan , indonesia .
yonadam kanna in particular was a target of the saddam hussein ba'ath government for many year .
president donald trump reestablished the council by executive order in 2017 .
oronogo is a city in jasper county , missouri , united state .
navajo dam is a census-designated place in san juan county , new mexico , united state .
luoyang was the capital of the northern wei dynasty from 493 to 534 .
canton is the largest city in fulton county , illinois , united state .
osgoldcross rural district was a rural district in the west riding of yorkshire , england .
the squirrel has a number of scent gland .
the holy synod is the collective body of bishop of the church .
the stud stable feuded with harlem heat over the wcw world tag team championship in which buck and slater won .
devil 's tower road is a major road of northeastern gibraltar .
ipv4 and ipv6 coexist on the internet .
the township is in northern lehigh county .
material balance planning was the type of economic planning employed by soviet-type economy .
zij star catalogue were produced at these observatory .
the first temple president was wilford woodruff .
boole 's inequality is named after george boole .
the cataño ferry ( ) is a single route ferry service between cataño and san juan , puerto rico .
heswall is a town in metropolitan borough of wirral , merseyside , england .
his ancestral home is in jurong , jiangsu .
wardsboro is a town in windham county , vermont , united state .
penetanguishene naval yard was a royal navy yard from 1834 to 1856 in ontario .
oestrike stadium is located near westview apartment and rynearson stadium
spring grove is a city in houston county , minnesota , united state .
the university of santo tomas college of architecture is the architectural school of the university of santo tomas , the oldest and the largest catholic university in manila , philippine .
with madman entertainment releasing the film in australia and new zealand .
chris evert defeated helena suková 6–7 , 6–1 , 6–3
paf base faisal is the other pakistan air force base in karachi .
munno para west is a northern suburb of adelaide , south australia .
progesterone is a partial agonist of the glucocorticoid receptor ( gr ) .
trenton is part of east central indiana and northern indiana .
bondla wildlife sanctuary is a famous zoo in ponda .
bec is a book by darren shan in the demonata series .
the prime minister of haiti ( , ) is the head of government of haiti .
fray bartolomé de las casas has a tropical rainforest climate ( köppen : `` af '' ) .
chinese taipei competed at the 1994 asian game in hiroshima , japan .
original missile command is a recreation of the original arcade game .
delay of game is a penalty in ice hockey .
victor amaya / hank pfister defeated heinz günthardt / balázs taróczy 6–4 , 6–2
tiberius julius sauromates ii was the son and heir of the bosporan king tiberius julius eupator by an unnamed woman .
londonderry township is a township in bedford county , pennsylvania , united state .
raf bomber command was merged into raf strike command in 1968 .
shapinsay and its balfour castle are a short distance north of kirkwall .
mahwah is near the ramapo mountain and the ramapo river .
leonard slatkin is a noted orchestra conductor and currently the music director of the detroit symphony and the orchestre national de lyon .
the south parade pier is a pier in portsmouth , england .
the syphilitic god nanahuatzin is an avatar of xolotl .
estelle approached kanye , introduced herself and asked for an introduction to john legend .
the consulate general of south korea in hong kong ( ; ) is a consular mission of the republic of korea ( rok ) to hong kong and macau .
the civilization that emerged around these river are among the earliest known non-nomadic agrarian society .
columbia basin college has served benton and franklin county for nearly 60 year .
meppel is a railway station in meppel , netherlands .
stress is phonemic in modern hebrew .
houma is about 60 mile southwest of new orleans .
all parasitic worm produce egg during reproduction .
hence , immunology is a sub-category of biology .
alexander baerwald died on 27 october 1930 in haifa .
alberta avenue is a pre–world war ii neighbourhood in edmonton , alberta , canada .
salisbury was also a station on the sumpter valley railway .
neylandville is a town in hunt county , texas , united state .
oakland is a town in orange county , florida , united state .
the marsh river flows entirely within norman county .
pobrđani ( donji vakuf ) is a village in the municipality of donji vakuf , bosnia and herzegovina .
balreagh is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
climatology now includes aspect of oceanography and biogeochemistry .
mission is a city in hidalgo county , texas , united state .
walled lake is a city in oakland county in the u.s. state of michigan .
the 2012 australian open took place in january 2012 at melbourne park .
lex luthor is a fictional character from the television series `` smallville '' .
outside of china , sudan 's military industry corporation also produces the wz-523 under license .
the hoddles creek is a tributary of the yarra river .
braceby is a small english village in the south kesteven district of lincolnshire .
spin boldak is a district in the eastern part of kandahar province , afghanistan .
amethi is a constituency of the uttar pradesh legislative assembly .
next , nikki bella faced carmella .
east midland railway and crosscountry both operate regular service at derby .
volcaniclastic sedimentary rock dominate shallow-water seamount .
järva parish is a municipality in järva county , estonia .
springdale is a town in lexington county , south carolina , united state .
yorton is a small village in shropshire , england .
the wicked world is a blank verse play by w. s. gilbert in three act .
the chishti order is primarily followed in afghanistan and south asia .
elizabeth is a city and the county seat of union county , new jersey .
in the california state legislature , del monte forest is in , and in .
westdale is served by the orange grove independent school district .
san ramón is a canton in the alajuela province of costa rica .
traditional medicine is contrasted with scientific medicine .
secondary alcohol are converted into ketone .
marshfield is east of brockton and southeast of boston .
earth 's shadow is as curved as the planet is , and its umbra extends into outer space .
the rafah border crossing is the only crossing point between egypt and the gaza strip .
the william b. bankhead national forest lies to the southwest of moulton .
arna township is a township in pine county , minnesota , united state .
aaron tippin is an american country music artist .
this protein localizes to the centriole .
the duchy of rome ( ) was a state within the byzantine exarchate of ravenna .
abergwynfi is a village in the welsh county borough of neath port talbot .
the metabolism of dydrogesterone differs from progesterone .
rib lake is a town in taylor county , wisconsin , united state .
for the costa rica 2011 census , sarapiquí had a population of inhabitant .
hamburg is east of the new york state thruway ( interstate 90 ) .
solidarity was an anti-communist trade union in a warsaw pact country .
historical materialism remains one of the intellectual base of marxism .
jordan competed at the 1992 summer olympics in barcelona , spain .
the ocean view school district is one of the oldest school district in orange county , california .
whittington is an unincorporated community in franklin county , illinois , united state .
joannette kruger defeated marion maruska 6–1 , 6–1
since 2015 , suwon is home of the kbo league team kt wiz .
one of his grandfather , joe manchin i , was also mayor of farmington .
the star network is one of the most common computer network topology .
according to tibetan buddhism , panchen lama are living emanation of the buddha amitabha .
both marxism and socialism derived their philosophical foundation from the age of enlightenment .
the universidad autónoma del estado de morelos ( autonomous university of the state of morelos , uaem ) is a university in cuernavaca , morelos , mexico .
booker t eliminated test .
lugnagullagh is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
the defiance plateau is part of the navajo nation .
in 750 , abu muslim became leader of the abbasid army and defeated the umayyad at battle of the zab .
the langfjorden is a fjord in møre og romsdal county , norway .
the park record lake trout , was caught in heart lake .
elgin is a city in fayette county , iowa , united state .
plumber 's putty formulation vary but commonly include powdered clay and linseed oil .
hardwood is wood from dicot tree .
greenville yard is a freight rail yard in the port of new york and new jersey .
these protestant believed that democracy was the will of god .
the 1971 tour de france was the 58th edition of the tour de france , one of cycling 's grand tour .
exhibit b : the human condition is the ninth studio album by thrash metal band exodus .
later , al snow took on bam bam bigelow .
clear creek dam ( national id # wa00264 ) is a dam in yakima county , washington .
prairie grove is a city in washington county , arkansas , united state .
walluf is a river of hesse , germany .
bobo ashanti is the tenth studio album by jamaican reggae singer sizzla .
today , the iroquois still live in several reservation in upstate new york .
fellowship include pulmonary/critical care , gastroenterology , and palliative care .
highgate hill is an inner southern suburb in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
sea otter eat shellfish and other invertebrate ( especially clam , abalone , and sea urchin ) .
ruprechtov is a village in the vyškov district of the czech republic .
oslo metropolitan university uses all three academic career pathway in norway .
st. john of nepomuk , czech saint , died as a martyr .
farlam is a civil parish in the city of carlisle district of cumbria , england .
berthoud , estes park , fort collins , johnstown .
moravská třebová was the largest german linguistic enclave within bohemia and moravia .
hong kong gold coast is the largest tourist resort in tuen mun .
fidel castro arrived in the city of havana one week later .
the british rail class 140 was the prototype of the `` pacer '' diesel multiple unit .
in 2009 , two in vitro study on the effect of filanesib on either ovarian cancer cell or acute myeloid leukemia cell were published .
opera news is an american classical music magazine .
miss guatemala is a national beauty pageant in guatemala .
the isle of man international business school ( ) is an institution of higher education on the isle of man .
crieff hydro is a hotel in crieff , perthshire , scotland .
west monroe is a city in ouachita parish , louisiana , united state .
all regiment were reserve unit of the south african army .
dmitry tursunov defeated ivan dodig , 6–3 , 6–2
eddy county is the location of the waste isolation pilot plant .
national highway 31 ( nh 31 ) is a primary national highway in india .
robin ammerlaan and stefan olsson were the defending champion but lost in the semifinal to maikel scheffers and ronald vink .
north macedonia went to bulgaria and bačka , baranja , međimurje and prekmurje ] was given over to hungary .
seguin high school is a secondary school serving grade 9–12 located in arlington , texas and is part of the arlington independent school district .
a synchronous circuit consists of two kind of element : register ( sequential logic ) and combinational logic .
the rhode island philharmonic orchestra ( ripo ) is a professional orchestra in rhode island .
eccellenza lazio is the regional eccellenza football division for club in lazio , italy .
the township is in north-central franklin county .
lampugnano is a station on milan metro line 1 of milan metro in milan , italy .
mayhew is an unincorporated community in lowndes county , mississippi .
`` lilium mackliniae '' is the state flower of manipur .
mcfarlan is a town in anson county , north carolina , united state .
in hinduism , buddhism , jainism and sikhism , dāna is the practice of cultivating generosity .
in june 1944 the red army began operation bagration .
hå is a municipality in rogaland county , norway .
henry iv appointed georg wolf of kotzau as governor of hof .
the afon seiont eventually reaches the sea at caernarfon .
the front was a combination of the 13th and 21st army .
liberty is a part of the school district of pickens county .
jokioinen ( ) is a municipality of finland .
the indian rupee was the legal currency in many country of arabian peninsula .
electrum is elemental gold with more than 20 % silver .
a jökulhlaup is thus a sub-glacial outburst flood .
john iii anathematized all the opponent of the council of chalcedon .
susquenita school district encompasses the borough of marysville , new buffalo , and duncannon .
barry leitch did the music for the commodore 64 and pc version .
castro dei volsci borders the following municipality : amaseno , ceccano , ceprano , falvaterra , lenola , pastena , pofi , vallecorsa and villa santo stefano .
dromore ( ) is a village , townland and civil parish in county tyrone , northern ireland .
insulin resistance reduces the body 's sensitivity to insulin .
mazowe is a village in mashonaland central province in zimbabwe .
rainsville is a city in dekalb county , alabama , united state .
in november 2010 , major general cosson retired from the australian defence force .
taylor bayou is a bayou in jefferson county , texas .
elihan tore was removed from xinjiang to the soviet union .
many constituent are phrase .
ironi ramat gan and ironi nahariya were relegated to liga leumit .
lone oak is a city in hunt county , texas , united state .
the shotts and dykehead caledonia pipe band is a grade 1 pipe band from shotts , in the north lanarkshire region of scotland .
new bloomfield borough lies within the west perry school district .
deputy marshal heck thomas killed gang leader bill doolin .
neither fowling piece nor rifle had bayonet .
the suttor river is a river in central queensland , australia .
somma lombardo is a town in the province of varese , lombardy , italy .
the marshy mugdrum island is the only major island in the firth .
twiston is a civil parish in ribble valley , lancashire , england .
the florida box turtle reaches sexual maturity around 12–13 year of age .
lei cheng uk estate is one of the early public housing estate in hong kong .
villa verde is served by the weslaco independent school district .
lincoln park contains the lincoln park zoo and the lincoln park conservatory .
west seventh is a neighborhood in saint paul , minnesota , united state .
diatom and dinoflagellate dominate the phytoplankton .
the chinese university of hong kong is located in the border between tai po and sha tin district .
this executive order was kept under governor rick snyder .
thornhill is a suburban community in the regional municipality of york in ontario , canada .
new york state route 34 and new york state route 176 are north-south highway in ira .
the 1995–96 nhl season was the 79th regular season of the national hockey league .
at around 1773 daniel gardner worked with joshua reynolds .
exorista larvarum is a palaearctic specie of fly in the family tachinidae .
this riding was created in 1914 from part of thunder bay and rainy river riding .
gebze ( , ) is a district in kocaeli province , turkey .
textron aviation sells beechcraft and cessna branded aircraft .
international business school ( ) is an accredited private college in budapest , hungary .
argentina play its home match on the estadio monumental antonio vespucio liberti .
davis filfred and kenneth maryboy are the local delegate to the navajo nation council .
grafton is a suburb of auckland city , new zealand .
the next line was a 1990s television game show .
a typhoon shelter ( ) is a shelter for fishing boat during typhoon .
kingsley township is a township in forest county , pennsylvania , united state .
boris becker / eric jelen defeated miloslav mečíř / tomáš šmíd 6–3 , 6–3
in 1947 , the 1st punjab regiment was allocated to pakistan army .
mustafa kemal atatürk is the founder and first president of the republic of turkey .
ann jones / françoise dürr defeated margaret court / maria bueno 6–3 , 6–2
in unix , the loader is the handler for the system call codice_1 .
canton lies at the foot of great blue hill .
fernando vicente defeated sébastien grosjean 6–4 , 4–6 , 7–6
london itself has two city , city of westminster and city of london .
the silver line currently runs from in virginia to in maryland .
saša hiršzon / goran ivanišević defeated brent haygarth / mark keil 6–4 , 6–3
henry douglas died on 30 august 1952 in brisbane .
manchester airport is the closest major airport to woolston .
on july 1 , 2010 , the weiner school district consolidated into the harrisburg school district .
cantsfield is a civil parish in city of lancaster , lancashire , england .
adelaide metro operate 14 bus route via salisbury interchange :
padang jawa is a village between the town shah alam and klang .
holcomb valley had the most gold of any southern california field .
piblokto is most common during long arctic night .
kalpeni is an inhabited atoll in the union territory of lakshadweep , india .
dover international speedway is home to a nascar race weekend in may .
hurtsboro is a town in russell county , alabama , united state .
briargrove park resident are zoned to houston independent school district school .
the frederick house river begins at night hawk lake in timmins at an elevation of .
uruguay competed at the 1988 summer olympics in seoul , south korea .
its origin begin when henry corby immigrated to canada .
oakerthorpe is a village in derbyshire , england .
the kilmichael ambush took place near the village during the irish war of independence .
the maracaibo basin span northwestern venezuela .
the fire river is a river in algoma district in northeastern ontario , canada .
millgrove is part of east central indiana and northern indiana .
the frankfurter löwen ( ) were an american football team from frankfurt , germany .
fort cowan cowan is located at cowan cowan village , moreton island .
bayfront is an urban redevelopment project in jersey city , new jersey .
the 2/30th battalion received the following battle honour :
thus every boolean ring becomes a boolean algebra .
union township is a township in adams county , pennsylvania , united state .
through pliny , suetonius came into favour with trajan and hadrian .
inverso pinasca borders the following municipality : perosa argentina , pinasca , pomaretto , villar perosa , pramollo , and san germano chisone .
the national reorganization process promoted nationalist value during the dirty war and the falklands war .
lewisburg area high school is located at 545 newman road , lewisburg .
the 2007 nfl season was the 88th regular season of the national football league .
the museo nacional de costa rica is the national museum of costa rica , located in the capital of san josé .
in 1963 , john f. kennedy established the president 's appalachian regional commission .
stangmore park is a football stadium in dungannon , county tyrone , northern ireland .
laurelwood is an unincorporated community in washington county , oregon , united state .
junction city is a village in perry county , ohio , united state .
simon kenton elementary school were named in xenia and springfield , ohio .
garden city is a subdivision of nassau county roughly east of manhattan .
in 2003 , cedar point debuted top thrill dragster .
segarcea is a small town in dolj county , oltenia , romania .
the gaussian curvature coincides with the sectional curvature of the surface .
ridgecrest is a small town in concordia parish , louisiana , united state .
the southern red sea region ( , , ) is a region of eritrea .
monkey is one of the 12 animal of the chinese zodiac .
the maastrichtian is roughly coeval with the lancian north american land mammal age .
tangent vector can also be described in term of germ .
human serum albumin ( hsa ) is a blood protein in human blood plasma .
morning is the period from sunrise to noon .
lafayette hill is served by the colonial school district .
sheikh mujibur rahman believed in language-based inclusionist bengali nationalism .
lodwar is the capital of turkana county .
ripley is a town in somerset county , maine , united state .
for the costa rica 2011 census , venado had a population of inhabitant .
the mountain are composed of granite , gneiss , marble , schist and quartzite .
northern people 's congress ( npc ) is a political party in nigeria .
major hh raja bahadur shrimant malojirao mudhojirao nanasaheb naik nimbalkar iv was the last ruler of phaltan .
mahim is a neighbourhood in mumbai , india .
lappajärvi is a municipality in finland in southern ostrobothnia region .
panskura is a town and a municipality in purba medinipur district in the indian state of west bengal .
fieldturf is a brand of artificial turf playing surface .
falna is the nearest railhead to famous ranakpur temple .
osceola national forest is partially within the county .
cobb county maintains the cobb county public library system .
the york river flows into and exit from the lake .
henryville is an unincorporated community in monroe county , pennsylvania , united state .
nematode chemoreceptor are chemoreceptor of nematode .
dudley saltonstall ( 1738–1796 ) was an american naval commander during the american revolutionary war .
kirkel is a municipality in the saarpfalz district in saarland , germany .
the imam sadiq university is an islamic private university in tehran , iran .
madison county is part of the northwest arkansas region .
wtvn utilizes two local talk radio host .
in 1365 john iv besieged the city of auray .
holy money is the fourth studio album by american experimental rock band swan .
the university has 5 library .
north lauderdale is located at in north-central broward county .
the governor of punjab is the appointed head of state of the provincial government in punjab , pakistan .
maketu is a small town on the bay of plenty coast in new zealand .
the aegis is a local newspaper in harford county , maryland , united state .
the augusta lynx are the duck affiliate in the echl .
dolphin is a common name of aquatic mammal within the infraorder cetacea .
an accountant is a practitioner of accounting or accountancy .
odessa township is a civil township in buffalo county , nebraska , united state .
the kermadec trench is a linear ocean trench in the south pacific ocean .
these genus became part of an expanded phrymaceae .
extreme noise terror is the sixth studio album by english grindcore band extreme noise terror .
pico turquino is the list of country by highest point in cuba .
brad gilbert defeated jim pugh 7–5 , 6–0
pedro de la rosa and narain karthikeyan returned to formula one with hrt .
the ibis trilogy is a work of historical fiction by amitav ghosh .
kimberlite are a major source of diamond .
ardee ( ) is a barony in county louth , republic of ireland .
for the costa rica 2011 census , florencia had a population of inhabitant .
mbale is a city in the eastern region of uganda .
woodbridge college is a secondary school in woodbridge , ontario , canada .
lumberton is a township in burlington county , new jersey , united state .
lakeside township is a township in aitkin county , minnesota , united state .
lodi is a village in harrisville township , medina county , ohio , united state .
oil paint has a higher pigment load than acrylic paint .
the `` basic law for the federal republic of germany '' ( grundgesetz der bundesrepublik deutschland ) is the constitution of germany .
ahvaz has 9 bridge over karun .
heartland village is located within the new springville neighborhood of staten island .
tissue biopsy is the gold standard .
clitheroe is a civil parish in ribble valley , lancashire , england .
the conditional operator is supported in many programming language .
hangu is the 27th largest city in the province of khyber pakhtunkhwa .
partner also sired tartar , the sire of herod .
fordham road is an express metro station on the ind concourse line of the new york city subway .
the interval between adjacent staff position is one step in the diatonic scale .
schoharie creek and west canada creek are the principal tributary of the mohawk river .
mycobacterium tuberculosis convert pyrazinamid into pyrazinoic acid .
koine greek grammar is a subclass of ancient greek grammar peculiar to the koine greek dialect .
this new religious movement was a mix of buddhism , taoism , and ufology .
human science is the objective , informed critique of human existence and how it relates to reality .
auberge d'allemagne ( ) was an auberge in valletta , malta .
eton place dalian is a skyscraper complex in dalian , china .
meadowridge is a suburb in cape town , south africa .
archbishop olav engelbrektsson was the last catholic bishop in norway .
bath is about from bristol airport .
the niwa clan had sided against the tokugawa at the battle of sekigahara and was dispossessed .
rocket mail is the delivery of mail by rocket or missile .
borrisokane ( ) is a town in county tipperary , republic of ireland .
today , rakhigarhi is a small village in haryana state , india .
gehenna broke with symphonic black metal after that album .
koropi ( , ) is a town in east attica , greece .
north woodbury township is to the south of woodbury township , blair county .
phu toei national park is in dan chang district .
dharmasetu was an 8th-century maharaja of srivijaya .
port o'connor is served by the calhoun county independent school district .
the metropolitan borough of knowsley is a metropolitan borough of merseyside , england .
queensway was originally the westernmost section of queen 's road east .
the batter can have ingredient such as buttermilk , blueberry , strawberry , banana , apple , chocolate chip , cheese , or sugar added .
the lambeth workhouse was a workhouse in lambeth , london .
nominalized adjective occur frequently in both classical arabic and modern standard arabic .
ross river is a rural locality in the city of townsville , queensland , australia .
the software is based in a pattern recognition engine .
a functor is an operation on space and function between them .
soft science fiction was contrasted to the notion of hard science fiction .
john of gaunt was lord of the manor from 1372 and aylsham became the principal town of the duchy of lancaster .
kulai is a town and the capital of kulai district , johor , malaysia .
cecilton is a town in cecil county , maryland , united state .
squadron leader cecil thomas nixon moore was a royal air force officer .
fide eventually awarded the match to xie jun by default .
bliss is the default computer wallpaper of microsoft 's window xp operating system .
the bedroom farce is perhaps the most common form of farce .
guano was mined on north west island during the 1890s .
milton is a city in santa rosa county , florida .
lancaster is a village in erie county , new york , united state .
heber city is a city in northwestern wasatch county , utah , united state .
hollinwood is an area and electoral ward of the metropolitan borough of oldham , greater manchester , england .
the clerk 's tale is the story of griselda , a young woman whose husband tests her loyalty .
adambakkam is a neighbourhood of chennai , india .
the neural tube gives rise to both brain and spinal cord .
tel aviv is home to the batsheva dance company , a world-famous contemporary dance troupe .
bedford county is part of the lynchburg , virginia metropolitan statistical area .
bangriposi village has lower literacy rate compared to odisha .
61 squadron won the victoria cross .
maywood township is a township in benton county , minnesota , united state .
according to the 2011 census of india , indira point has only 4 household left .
ndop is a town and a commune in the northwest of cameroon .
the people 's movement for democratic change ( pmdc ) is a socially liberal political party in sierra leone .
north harbour is a suburb of auckland , new zealand .
henderson field is a former military airfield on guadalcanal , solomon island during world war ii .
softwood is wood from gymnosperm tree such as conifer .
gurney paragon is a residential and retail complex in george town , penang , malaysia .
hofstra university is a private university in hempstead , new york .
elphinstone is a town in victoria , australia .
holy corner lies between the area of bruntsfield and morningside .
the daming palace was the imperial palace complex of the tang dynasty in chang'an .
mixco is a city and municipality in the guatemala department of guatemala .
ceylon medical college was a public medical school in british ceylon .
mountain lake park is a town in garrett county , maryland , united state .
alzheimer 's disease is the most common type of dementia in australia .
the fort selkirk volcanic field is a monogenetic volcanic field in the northern cordilleran volcanic province , yukon territory , canada .
nasa has also outlined plan for human mission to the far side of the moon .
bucculatricidae or ( bucculatrigidae ) is a family of moth .
the old english sheepdog can compete in dog agility trial , obedience , rally obedience , schutzhund , dog showmanship , flyball , tracking , and herding event .
william s. groesbeck was a united state representative from ohio .
fairbanks , alaska is 131 mile sw on the steese highway .
laporte township is a township in sullivan county , pennsylvania , united state .
kono district is the largest diamond producer in sierra leone .
next door to beaufort west is the karoo national park .
killimordaly ( ) is a village and civil parish in county galway , republic of ireland .
estate is a common law concept .
peanut allergy is a type of food allergy to peanut .
county kerry ( ) is a county in republic of ireland .
great basin spadefoot toad have adapted to life in dry habitat .
new london is a town in merrimack county , new hampshire , united state .
finally arjuna made kauravas and karna free .
green b. trimble technical high school started in 1882 as fort worth high school .
zhang peiyuan then defected joined force with ma zhongying .
the 107th meridian west forms a great circle with the 73rd meridian east .
full sail university is a for-profit university in winter park , florida .
the grand lodge is in full amity and recognition with united grand lodge of england .
nordic valley is an unincorporated community in weber county , utah , united state .
the shilparatna specifically talk about the oneness of vishnu and lakshmi .
bellmead is a city in mclennan county , texas , united state .
kandahar international cricket stadium ( ) is a cricket stadium in kandahar , afghanistan .
what is now baden-württemberg was formerly the historical territory of baden , prussian province of hohenzollern , and württemberg .
monroe township is a township in wyoming county , pennsylvania , united state .
brp `` cebu '' ( ps-28 ) was a of the philippine navy .
edenderry ( ; ) is a town in east county offaly , republic of ireland .
his son , frederick thomas sargood also became a politician and senator for victoria .
outside chess , chris ward is also a keen salsa dancer .
brachyuromys is a genus of rodent in the family nesomyidae .
maple ridge has two constituency in the legislative assembly of british columbia .
on 4 may , the destroyer sailed for pearl harbor .
circular section are used in crystallography .
roentgenium is the ninth member of the 6d series of transition metal .
zhili was the province surrounding beijing , now the province of hebei .
fort mcallister was one of the key fort defending the port of savannah , and would become the biggest obstacle in sherman 's march to the sea .
taiwan pride is the annual lgbtq pride pride parade in taiwan .
packer township is a township in carbon county , pennsylvania , united state .
luzerne township is a township in fayette county , pennsylvania , united state .
the pontian district is a district in southwest johor , malaysia .
as a company , vieille montagne survived neutral moresnet .
frye island is a new england town in cumberland county , maine , united state .
the swedish language is one of the two official language of finland .
portageville is about west of the mississippi river .
irish potato candy is a traditional philadelphia confection .
the thalamus itself receives corresponding signal from the brain stem and spinal cord .
air kasaï is an airline with its head office on the property of n'dolo airport in barumbu , kinshasa , democratic republic of the congo .
khajuraho is a small village in chhatarpur district of madhya pradesh , india .
wagner township is a township in aitkin county , minnesota , united state .
following the unification of germany , otto von bismarck rejected the british model .
chahardangeh district ( ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in sari county , mazandaran province , iran .
the central illinois river valley was home to one particular complex , the havana hopewell culture .
the city of burlington public school district serves student in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade .
jungang line passes through namyangju .
the absence is an american melodic death metal band from tampa , florida .
the san francisco maritime national historical park is located in san francisco , california , united state .
sorrento mesa is included in the mira mesa community planning area .
dublin is the site of santa rita jail , the principal jail for alameda county .
kulgera is a locality in the northern territory of australia .
ding junhui won in the final 4–1 against jamie jones .
grand isle county is a county in the u.s. state of vermont .
accuracy international would supply 580 l115a3 long range rifle with daytime telescopic sight .
hackettstown is located from newark liberty international airport in newark / elizabeth .
alebtong district is a district in the northern region of uganda .
petersburg is within the western dubuque community school district .
bloomville is a village in seneca county , ohio , united state .
lumpinee boxing stadium ( ) is a sporting arena in bangkok , thailand .
deer park is a town in garrett county , maryland , united state .
melrose park is a village in cook county , illinois , united state .
ituri district became part of the orientale province created in 1913 .
junagadh district is a district of the indian state of gujarat .
hudson 's bay company had gone public in november 2012 and was then listed on the toronto stock exchange .
the government of china appointed 13 representative for taiwan to its own national people 's congress on the same day .
seymour is a town in outagamie county , wisconsin , united state .
halford performed as the vocalist for black sabbath for three show .
alpraham is a civil parish in cheshire east , england .
baton rouge is the capital city of louisiana , in the united state .
many industrial railway were built to light railway standard .
fiba oceania is a zone within fiba ( international basketball federation ) .
castledawson is a village in county londonderry , northern ireland .
meredith lord is a fictional character from the american soap opera `` one life to live '' .
walloon brabant is the wealthiest province in wallonia .
the state of palestine has an embassy in khartoum .
weepah spring wilderness is a wilderness area in lincoln and nye county , in the u.s. state of nevada .
iveland is the smallest municipality in setesdal .
the royal naval engineering college was a specialist establishment for the training of royal navy engineer .
peabody is a city in marion county , kansa , united state .
begusarai district is a part of munger division .
napoleon was exiled to elba .
the traverse city harbor is located in greilickville .
cambridge township was a township in ontario , canada .
senescent astrocyte and microglia contribute to neurodegeneration .
tremolite forms a series with actinolite and ferro-actinolite .
the president of turkey is both the head of state and head of government .
delton is located in southwestern barry county .
coloane has an area of , is long and is from the macau peninsula .
sunnyside is a former city in carbon county , utah , united state .
nadia petrova defeated nathalie dechy 6–2 , 6–1
west virginia independence hall is a historic government building at 1528 market street in downtown wheeling , west virginia , united state .
sixmilecross is a townland and small village in county tyrone , northern ireland .
enugu ( ; ) is the capital of enugu state in nigeria .
chase county is on the west edge of nebraska .
the roman catholic archdiocese of bangkok , thailand ( , ) is a latin archdiocese in thailand .
the southland province had three superintendent :
the pike river flows through vermilion lake township .
the birdsville track is a notable outback road in australia .
before the french revolution , corsica contained five other diocese :
chí linh is a city in hải dương province , in the red river delta region of vietnam .
these antibody mostly bind to mast cell , which contain histamine .
the báb was released and departed for isfahan .
the imperial japanese navy fielded naval paratrooper during world war ii .
wrightsville is district 28 in the pennsylvania state senate .
from the bahujan samaj party , mayawati have been vocal about their support .
the video game was `` dragon quest '' .
windsor village is within the houston independent school district .
mount morning has been active during the miocene , pliocene and pleistocene .
the rangeley river and kennebago river both flow into northeastern mooselookmeguntic lake .
h. upmann is among the oldest cigar brand in existence .
merikarvia ( ) is a municipality in finland .
pathiramanal ( ) is a small island inmuhamma panchayat of alappuzha district .
u2 used this tradeoff technique later in `` bullet the blue sky '' as well .
portuguese guinea became an important post in the atlantic slave trade , particularly to brazil .
however , the european court of justice has recently extended the treaty provision via case law .
leg spin is a type of spin bowling in cricket .
famous italian opera singer include enrico caruso and alessandro bonci .
nitra became the center of the principality of nitra .
bob bryan / mike bryan defeated jaroslav levinský / robert lindstedt 6–3 , 6–2
zurich airport is partially located in rümlang .
first oyster appeared in the early triassic .
liometopum occidentale is a specie of ant in the subfamily dolichoderinae .
trimble is a village in trimble township , athens county , ohio , united state .
philadelphia city hall stands atop market street 's intersection with broad street .
horry county school educates around 40,000 student and is the third largest school district in south carolina .
during the safety car , lance stroll retired with front suspension damage .
turkey formerly had diplomatic relation with taiwan and syria .
marketing strategy and marketing mix are related element of a comprehensive marketing plan .
israel competed at the 2000 summer olympics in sydney , australia .
gene mayer defeated john sadri 6–4 , 6–4
john a. logan college is a public community college in carterville , illinois .
the indiana woman 's suffrage association ( iwsa ) began on october 15 , 1851 , in dublin , wayne county , indiana .
the mumbai monorail is a monorail system for the city of mumbai .
lamoure is a city in lamoure county , north dakota , united state .
the oakland athletics farm system consists of seven minor league baseball affiliates across the united state .
the roman catholic archdiocese of malabo is the metropolitan episcopal see for the ecclesiastical province of malabo in equatorial guinea .
ken rosewall defeated cliff drysdale 6–4 , 6–3 , 6–0
keur simbara is 70 km from dakar the capital of senegal .
in february 1945 , the yalta conference took place in crimea .
until 1869 eskra was part of clogher parish .
, the carmelit is the only subway in israel .
verceia borders the following municipality : dubino , novate mezzola , sorico .
their cell wall consist of cellulose , hemicellulose , and lignin .
the großer prebelowsee is a lake in the rheinsberg lake region , brandenburg , germany .
bredbury railway station serves the town of bredbury in the metropolitan borough of stockport , greater manchester , england .
röderbach is a river of bavaria , germany .
near kiruna are the mountain kiirunavaara and luossavaara .
lady deathstrike later seeks wolverine in madripoor and vancouver .
lille vildmose is a protected area , about southeast of aalborg .
related , but non-chelating organoarsenic ligand include triphenylarsine and trimethylarsine .
california governor arnold schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency for santa cruz county .
the squadron provided intelligence information to strategic air command .
christine is a town in atascosa county , texas , united state .
imigen island lies to its southeast , ivisa island to its southwest .
chat moss lies mainly in city of salford , but extends into metropolitan borough of wigan .
nebraska highway 40 is a highway in central nebraska .
referendum in germany are an element of direct democracy .
steam engine are a common example of dual-phase engine .
casson and tom thomson all painted extensively along georgian bay .
eric vanderaerden was a directeur sportif .
shotts is a town in north lanarkshire , scotland .
for formula_8 the curve are related to a curve of constant width .
the spit is the site of the middle harbour yacht club and a marina .
university college birmingham specialises in vocational course in both the higher education and further education sector .
from 1812 , the peninsular war merged with the war of the sixth coalition .
the queen , queen elizabeth the queen mother , the prince of wale , and prince andrew arrived in the scottish state coach .
in 1840 martino became the seat of the municipality larymna .
malatya province ( , ) is a province of turkey .
president bill clinton used a 1993 cadillac fleetwood as his presidential state car .
pelham bay park is the northern terminal station of the irt pelham line of the new york city subway .
amreli is a city and a municipality in amreli district in indian state of gujarat .
as of now karachi bakery is in five city hyderabad , bengaluru , chennai , mumbai , delhi .
in 1966 , an act of congress established the hirshhorn museum and sculpture garden , smithsonian institution .
today , outwood academy shafton is located in shafton .
the constable is the titular head of the honorary police .
orange county transportation authority offer limited bus service to orange county .
odell is a village in livingston county , illinois , united state .
foote , cone & belding , fcb , is one of the largest global advertising agency network .
monmouth beach is a borough in monmouth county , new jersey , united state .
alexandra headland is a coastal suburb of maroochydore in the sunshine coast region , queensland , australia .
`` snatcher '' is a graphic adventure game with visual novel element .
kowloon covers two geographical constituency for the legislative council of hong kong :
in 1969 czechoslovakia became a federation of the czech socialist republic and the slovak socialist republic .
pine grove is an unincorporated community in marion county , west virginia , united state .
kathy jordan and robin white were the defending champion but only white competed that year with anne smith .
main north road was the historic road to the mid north region of south australia .
dalton is a borough in lackawanna county , pennsylvania , united state .
diamond city is a city in northeast boone county , arkansas , united state .
many black forest farm still have the typical black forest house today .
mannarkkad is one of the six taluks of palakkad district .
norcross is a city in gwinnett county , georgia , united state .
tcholliré is a town and commune in cameroon .
in the california state legislature , rio linda is in , and in .
reality lab became the basis for direct3d .
the oahu bowl moved to seattle and was played as the seattle bowl for two year .
lugar is a station on the mauchline and muirkirk branch of the glasgow and south western railway .
max webster were close friend of fellow canadian musician rush .
junction city is a town in talbot county , georgia , united state .
further east , brigadier general john d. imboden commanded the shenandoah valley district .
bounoura is a district in ghardaïa province , algeria .
marinette county is a county in the u.s. state of wisconsin .
baneh county ( ) is a county in kordestan province in iran .
little havana ( ) is a neighborhood of miami , florida , united state .
the paulinerkirche was a church on the augustusplatz in leipzig .
pinus clausa is a specie of pine endemic to the southeastern united state .
cathkin is a former railway station in cathkin , victoria , australia .
punalur railway station is about 11 km from anchal and currently connects to kollam , thiruvananthapuram , kottayam , ernakulam , thrissur , palakkad , nagarcoil , kanyakumari , tirunelveli and madurai .
jangipur subdivision lies in the rarh region in murshidabad district .
anand amritraj / vijay amritraj defeated cliff drysdale / marty riessen 7–6 , 4–6 , 6–4
at the time zembrzyce belonged to the duchy of oświęcim .
hyderabad state aero club was an airport club in the hyderabad state , india .
otter lake is a village in the u.s. state of michigan .
krum is a city in denton county , texas , united state .
tujunga wash is a stream in los angeles county , california .
william dyer died in 1676 in newport , rhode island .
pope clement vi died on december 6 , 1352 at avignon .
inulin is a heterogeneous collection of fructose polymer .
harvard is a town in worcester county , massachusetts .
west dundee lies across the fox river from east dundee and carpentersville .
the partitive case comes from the older ablative case .
national highway 47 connects nagpur to bamanbore in gujrat .
prairie view is an unincorporated community located in northeastern illinois , in southern lake county .
the karns city area school board did not participate in the pennsylvania department of education common cent program .
the isle of man has two cinema , both in douglas .
madoc is a township in hastings county in eastern ontario , canada .
thornton is a village in the metropolitan borough of sefton , in merseyside , england .
the skill huang rong learnt from hong qigong are as follows :
therefore chaudhary shifted to sabarmati ashram in ahmedabad with his family .
papaya ringspot virus is a well-known virus within plant in florida .
tommy carcetti first appears as a member of the baltimore baltimore city council .
the june movement was also a major source of inspiration for the june list .
vasai was in the thane district prior to 2014 .
california 's 3rd state senate district is one of 40 california california state senate california state senate district .
nilgiris is a lok sabha ( parliament of india ) constituency in tamil nadu .
huntington park is also the location of the virginia war museum .
new windsor is a administrative division of new york # town in orange county , new york .
park national bank is headquartered in newark , ohio .
thornhurst township is a small town in lackawanna county , pennsylvania , united state .
cotonou cadjehoun in cotonou and lomé-tokoin in lomé , togo .
bisphenol a is a preferred color developer in carbonless copy paper and thermal point of sale receipt paper .
jefferson is a new england town in coos county , new hampshire , united state .
the reserve army attack began on 26 september in the battle of thiepval ridge .
economy class is offered on all air china aircraft .
bee branch is also the home town of larry nixon .
drayton is a community in wellington county , ontario , canada .
merlin is the eighth studio album by dutch band kayak .
ethylbenzene occurs naturally in coal tar and petroleum .
regan is a city in burleigh county , north dakota , united state .
robert john fleming died in 1925 and was buried in mount pleasant cemetery , toronto .
in nunavut and nunavik , inuktitut syllabics have official status .
most word processor can also count word .
gonzales is a small city in ascension parish , louisiana , united state .
`` welcome 2 detroit '' is a song by american rapper trick trick and eminem .
kergunyah is a locality in north eastern victoria .
in `` what can queer theory do for intersex ? ''
tracy is a city in lyon county , minnesota , united state .
the metropolitan borough of knowsley is a metropolitan borough of merseyside , england .
in 1933 the civil parish became part of golborne urban district .
republic of ireland participated at the 2017 summer universiade , in taipei , taiwan .
scammonden was a chapelry in the huddersfield ecclesiastical parish .
tintin agrees , and spy on mitsuhirato at the blue lotus opium den .
in the year 1975–1998 , łyse belonged to the ostrołęka voivodeship .
durand is a town in pepin county , wisconsin , united state .
nucleic acid are linear polymer ( chain ) of nucleotide .
every point defines an isometry of euclidean space
mel anthony is a former american football running back .
meat , dairy , egg , soy , fish , whole grain , and cereal are source of protein .
chief is the third studio album by american country music artist eric church .
yacon tuber consist mostly of water and carbohydrate .
margate city is a city in atlantic county , new jersey , united state .
irvona is a borough in clearfield county , pennsylvania , united state .
la grande rivière airport is an airfield location about south southwest of radisson , quebec , canada .
additionally , the british army also operate the scottish and north irish yeomanry , consisting of :
malaysia participated at the 2017 summer universiade , in taipei , taiwan .
milam township was a civil township in macon county , illinois .
the cowlitz indian tribe is a federally recognized tribe of cowlitz people .
martiniana po borders the following municipality : brondello , brossasco , gambasca , isasca , and revello .
the kenya national cricket team have one day international status until 2013 .
sultan bin saif was the cousin of the imam nasir bin murshid bin sultan al ya'aruba , who had founded the yaruba dynasty in 1624 .
sharon hill is a borough in delaware county , pennsylvania , united state .
western michigan university claimed the inaugural michigan mac trophy for each sport .
monica seles and ai sugiyama were the defending champion but only seles competed that year with anna kournikova .
north perth is a lower-tier municipality in ontario , canada .
ripley county is a county in the ozarks , missouri .
the planetarium projector was the focal piece of equipment at the planetarium .
old tappan ( ) is a borough in bergen county , new jersey , united state .
great witchingham parish contains the hamlet of lenwade .
central new york regional transportation authority provides service within oswego and connection to fulton and syracuse .
on july 26 1942 , the 1st marine division is sailing towards guadalcanal .
cocalzinho de goiás is a municipality in central goiás state , brazil .
attic greek evolved into koine greek , then into byzantine greek and later into modern greek .
fc basel won the league and were promoted together with urania genève sport .
the john c. munro hamilton international airport and the canadian warplane heritage museum are located in mount hope .
the harmattan wind caused others in mauritania .
peschiera borromeo borders the following municipality : milan , pioltello , segrate , rodano , pantigliate , san donato milanese , mediglia .
the meyniel graph are a subclass of the perfect graph .
nevertheless , jet aircraft also fly to this airport .
kurt aland placed in category of new testament manuscript # category iii .
, liver transplantation is the only option for complete liver failure .
rudauli is also a block in faizabad district in uttar pradesh .
eskendereya entered stud in 2011 at taylor made stallion in nicholasville , kentucky .
nizhny novgorod is the administrative center ( capital ) of volga federal district and nizhny novgorod oblast .
comparative mythology is a systematic comparison of myth from different culture .
this gene encodes a member of the cytochrome c oxidase assembly factor family .
the claremont showground near perth , western australia is home to the annual perth royal show .
seton hall university school of law is the law school of seton hall university , and is located in downtown newark , new jersey .
nankeen night heron typically nest in dense tree , but also nest in marsh and swamp .
crocodile are the most social of reptile .
the new york city police commissioner is the head of the governing body of the new york city police department .
richardson county lies at the se tip of nebraska .
brooklawn is a borough in camden county , new jersey , united state .
because of such success , kung fu film have become an important product of hong kong cinema .
dover is a city in strafford county , new hampshire , united state .
deer isle is an island in hancock county , maine , united state .
calgary 's chinatown is home to the largest chinese cultural centre in north america .
guna district of madhya pradesh is the gateway of malwa and chambal .
the supreme court of pennsylvania is the court of last resort in the commonwealth .
in april 2009 , intronaut toured with kylesa and mastodon .
georg solti has won 31 grammy award .
rathganny is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
`` opus '' also takes place in bloom county .
in the california state legislature , capitola is in , and in .
jugurtha then became king of all numidia .
this genus has become a synonym of niso
gemert is a town in the dutch province of north brabant .
paweł czarnota played for poland in chess olympiad :
waurika is the county seat of jefferson county , oklahoma , united state .
horace white ( october 7 , 1865 – november 27 , 1943 ) was an american lawyer and politician from new york .
arlington is a city in fayette county , iowa , united state .
the board of control for cricket in india made andhra cricket association the headquarters of the indian woman 's cricket team .
one cubic centimetre corresponds to a volume of one millilitre .
previously , the ministry of health had been in charge of sanitation .
the seating capacity is 6,200 for basketball game .
mclean county is part of the western coal field region of kentucky .
santa margherita ligure borders the following municipality : camogli , portofino , rapallo .
tidioute is a borough in warren county , pennsylvania , united state .
mina gerais and são paulo are the 2 largest producer in brazil .
london north was a provincial electoral district in ontario , canada .
ulysses s. grant was a very popular man in the united state after the american civil war .
anna tatishvili was the defending champion , but she lost to julia boserup in the quarterfinal .
lac de tseuzier is an artificial lake in the canton of valais , switzerland .
biswanath chariali is a part of tezpur ( lok sabha constituency ) .
the winnemucca indian colony of nevada has a reservation at in humboldt county , nevada .
ocean water differs in temperature and salinity .
rakshasa ( , ) is a supernatural being in hinduism .
the feldspar is a basic variety of plagioclase ( anorthite or bytownite ) .
antilla is a city in holguín province in eastern cuba .
the emma matilda lake trail is a long hiking trail in grand teton national park in the u.s. state of wyoming .
cyclobenzaprine has major contraindication with monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) .
the mul mantar is a succinct doctrinal statement of sikhism .
south fork township was named for the south fork of the groundhouse river .
pacific mall is an asian shopping mall in markham , ontario , canada .
interstate 81 is the main branch of the interstate highway system in the 24th district .
yokine is a suburb of perth , western australia .
the national weather service briefly posted a tornado warning .
the south pennines is the system between the aire gap and the peak district .
kenmore is a suburb of the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
junction park state school is a heritage-listed state school at 50 waldheim street , annerley , city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
mu herculis is a quadruple star system .
storm king art center is located in mountainville .
bergman is a town in boone county , arkansas , united state .
the cobol programming language supports pointer to variable .
rafael nadal defeated nicolas kiefer 6–3 , 6–2
john michael montgomery is the third studio album by american country music artist john michael montgomery .
the 1991 nswrl season was the eighty-fourth season of professional rugby league football in australia .
adam and eve were placed in the garden of eden .
brechin cathedral , brechin is a parish church of the established ( presbyterian ) church of scotland .
zeigler is a city in franklin county , illinois , united state .
siddington is a civil parish in cheshire , england .
her watercolor painting hang in the museum of modern art and several other museum .
`` apple of sodom '' is a song by american rock band marilyn manson .
in the 2001 nrl season , penrith came last on the competition ladder .
squint lake is a small lake in burnaby , british columbia , canada .
la harpe is a part of usd 257 iola .
liver transplantation is sometimes used for cirrhosis .
park 's motor group has car dealership throughout scotland .
tigran sargsyan entered yerevan technical college no .
the gametophyte produces an egg cell .
riobamba is the trekking and mountain climbing capital of ecuador .
the mantellidae are a family of the order anura .
eth and thorn both represented or its allophone in old english .
helensville is a town in the north island of new zealand .
modena is a borough in chester county , pennsylvania , united state .
a non-convex regular polygon is a regular star polygon .
syria competed at the 2001 mediterranean game in tunis , tunisia .
these symmetry group correspond to the wallpaper group in euclidean geometry .
west coast swing is a partner dance with root in the lindy hop .
kurt angle defended the title against the undertaker .
biryani is cooked with beef , lamb , chicken , fish or shrimp .
the helsinki metro is a metro system in helsinki , finland .
hd radio is a proprietary system from the company ibiquity .
fitchburg is a city in dane county , wisconsin , united state .
the castor river is a river in eastern ontario , in canada .
through the winter , pickling is an important method of food preservation .
then uniform convergence simply means convergence in the uniform norm topology :
meckesheim is a village in south western germany .
isavia operates all public airport in iceland .
warrenville is a city in dupage county , illinois , united state .
in 1959 , the 14th dalai lama fled to india after the failed 1959 tibetan uprising .
the roman catholic archdiocese of melbourne is a latin rite metropolitan archdiocese in melbourne , victoria , australia .
cameron is an unincorporated community in warren county , illinois , united state .
flower vegetable include broccoli , cauliflower and artichoke .
westlake is a residential and commercial neighborhood in central los angeles , california .
siam paragon ( ) is a shopping mall in bangkok , thailand .
armenian apostolic church is the predominant religion in metsamor .
o'connor park ( ) is a gaa stadium in tullamore , county offaly , republic of ireland .
mastaba evolved over the early dynastic period .
a pillar box is a type of free-standing post box .
pandora 's box was a nightclub and coffeehouse on the sunset strip in west hollywood , california .
bothy culture '' is dance music first .
hellam township is a township in york county , pennsylvania , united state .
bukkapatnam is located near puttaparthi .
maple are a popular choice for the art of bonsai .
the osaka chinese school is a chinese international school in naniwa-ku , osaka , japan .
nadia petrova defeated tatiana golovin 6–3 , 7–6
fellsmere is a city in indian river county , florida , united state .
the carolinian people had contact with the chamorro people for year .
the ludington public library is in the city of ludington in mason county .
carlyle lost to vandalia by one vote .
niger was named for the niger river .
the canadian shield is the largest exposure of this craton .
wamego is a city in pottawatomie county , kansa , united state .
jeff coetzee and chris haggard were the defending champion but only haggard competed that year with andré sá .
poplar creek enters the river below the melton hill dam .
like many other new york city neighborhood , belmont became disenfranchised starting in the mid-20th century .
reichersberg lies in the innviertel .
in the adi parva of mahabharata , kanva says :
ardmore is west of tishomingo , and oklahoma city is to the northwest .
in the california state legislature , san carlos is in , and in .
the south china sea island consist of over 250 island , atoll , cay , shoal , reef and seamount in the south china sea .
another feud was between the undertaker and mr. kennedy .
neon light are a type of cold cathode gas-discharge light .
freshwater fish , found include specifically the brown trout , grayling and european bullhead .
the industrial canal connects the mississippi river with the lake at new orleans .
martinstown is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
the battle of pydna took place in 168 bc between rome and macedon during the third macedonian war .
vepery is a suburb in the north of chennai , india .
jalalabad is a constituency in the indian state of punjab .
when polygamy was introduced into the latter day saint movement is uncertain .
orange county lafco office are located in santa ana , california .
sexual dimorphism is particularly apparent in the plumage of this specie .
kerry prendergast was elected for a third consecutive term as mayor of wellington .
slovenian wine is wine from slovenia .
new york state route 28 is a major north-south highway through columbia .
john fogerty was the lead singer of the popular rock group creedence clearwater revival .
`` bad boy '' peaked at number two on south korean 's gaon digital chart .
the township includes garden city cemetery .
the name `` 61 cygni '' is part of the flamsteed designation assigned to star .
with , villa alegre is the smallest commune by area in the maule region .
since 1924 lahoysk is the centre of the lahoysk district .
although in santa fe county , edgewood is geographically closer to albuquerque .
singleton is a civil parish in the borough of fylde , lancashire , england .
here , mohini becomes a formal avatar of vishnu .
schoolcraft is a village in kalamazoo county , michigan , united state .
the nasal septum contains bone and hyaline cartilage .
the northern ireland act 1998 establishes the legislative competence of the northern ireland assembly .
todd wilson is an american organist .
cottesloe was home to australian prime minister john curtin .
whitesburg is an unincorporated community in eastern hamblen county , tennessee .
the texas high-school and college football coach gene mayfield was born in quitaque in 1928 .
jenny lake lodge is a luxury resort concession in grand teton national park .
nordland is a village in værøy municipality in nordland county , norway .
kronborg is a castle and stronghold in the town of helsingør , denmark .
j. jonah jameson is the publisher of the `` daily bugle '' and peter parker 's bos .
layham is mentioned in the little domesday book .
mount parry is a mountain in stribog mountain , antarctica with an elevation of .
clayton west is a village in kirklees , west yorkshire , england .
fatah needed black september , according to historian benny morris .
hanko is the southernmost town in finland .
the melgar de fernamental town hall is located in melgar de fernamental , spain .
castel san niccolò border the following municipality : castelfranco piandiscò , loro ciuffenna , montemignaio , ortignano raggiolo , poppi , pratovecchio stia , reggello .
the caboolture river is a small river in south east queensland , australia .
graham is a city in alamance county , north carolina , united state .
beaver crossing is a village in seward county , nebraska , united state .
jay m. ipson graduated from thomas jefferson high school and attended the university of richmond .
the yellowstone park bison herd is the largest public herd of american bison in the united state .
tunga river flows through shimoga .
mount pleasant is a city in sanpete county , utah , united state .
rancho de las pulgas was a 1795 spanish land grant in present-day san mateo county , california to josé darío argüello .
the department of the taoiseach is a department of state , but there is no equivalent for the tánaiste .
vancouver coastal health ( vch ) is responsible for all operation at vancouver general hospital .
sonora is the only incorporated city in tuolumne county .
the 1929 tuvan coup d'état took place in the tuvan people 's republic .
water transport in mumbai consists of ferry , hovercraft and catamaran .
the metropolitan borough of wigan is a metropolitan borough of greater manchester , in north west england .
letcombe brook is a stream in the vale of white horse in oxfordshire , england .
wetland are source of extreme biodiversity and ecological benefit .
guardian , ganthet and sayd call upon white lantern kyle rayner to rescue hal .
huntington north high school is located in huntington , indiana .
troy township is a township in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
chubbuck is a city in bannock county , idaho .
the town river is a river in plymouth county , massachusetts , united state .
orr is a city in saint louis county , minnesota , united state .
nowadays , pata is middle sized village of slovakia .
the province of pescara lies to the north and the province of l'aquila to the northwest .
the anger function satisfies this inhomogeneous form of recurrence relation
c. b. bhave was born in nagpur , maharashtra .
cottage grove is the third largest city in lane county .
sc bastia is the football club for bastia .
hill city is the oldest existing city in pennington county , south dakota , united state .
glasgow police pipe band is a grade one pipe band from glasgow , scotland .
little richard co-headlined the chuck berry performance .
super star is the fourth studio album by taiwanese girl group s.h.e .
richmond township is a township in berk county , pennsylvania , united state .
the administrative centre of the municipality is the village of bruhagen .
lubbock died in austin .
cannon city township is a township in rice county , minnesota , united state .
new york city marshal are regulated by the new york city department of investigation .
the egyptian civil code is the primary source of civil law for egypt .
prince chun died on 3 february 1951 in beijing .
so orania got its own transitional representative council in 1995 .
sargon ii was then declared king in babylon .
burg wiener neustadt is a castle in wiener neustadt , lower austria , austria .
hill college 's johnson county campus is in cleburne .
lake como is a borough in monmouth county , new jersey , united state .
new york state route 458 is a north-south highway in santa clara .
australia–sri lanka relation are foreign relation between australia and sri lanka .
the causeway carries traffic over galveston bay and the gulf intracoastal waterway .
bayou manchac is an bayou in southeast louisiana , usa .
kgatelopele local municipality is a local municipality in the zf mgcawu district municipality of the northern cape in south africa .
the sacrotuberous ligament pass behind the sacrospinous ligament .
lage zwaluwe is a railway station near lage zwaluwe and moerdijk , netherlands .
hebron is a town in oxford county , maine , united state .
in 1978 , college of engineering , guindy became a constituent college and the principal seat of anna university .
in contrast to asexual reproduction , sexual reproduction involves two parent .
sri krishna raja wadiyar iv founded mysore medical college .
fu jian ( 337–385 ) temporarily unified the north but his achievement was destroyed after the battle of fei river .
fort hamilton is the only active-duty dod military post in new york city .
bergen ( ) is a village in genesee county , new york , united state .
the ulster protestant community emerged during the plantation of ulster .
the king beyond the gate is a fantasy novel by british writer david gemmell .
the president of guatemala is both the head of state and the head of government .
in the california state legislature , banta is in , and in .
lafourche parish was named after the bayou lafourche .
styrene , epoxides and acrylate are frequently used as reactive diluent .
the horn of africa consists of the country of ethiopia , south sudan , djibouti , eritrea , somalia and somaliland .
anius later became apollo 's priest and the king of delos .
café kranzler is a famous coffeehouse in berlin , germany .
the saint john river island are not part of the local service district .
ken rosewall defeated john newcombe , 6–1 , 6–4
the organic compound ethyl acetoacetate ( eaa ) is the ethyl ester of acetoacetic acid .
next , jerry lynn took on justin credible .
north garden is an unincorporated community in albemarle county , virginia , united state .
acadia parish school board serves mermentau .
lakeshore is the site of the silver slipper casino .
yau ma tei is an area in the yau tsim mong district in the south of the kowloon peninsula in hong kong .
the fédération cynologique internationale recognizes over 300 dog breed .
pelago borders the following municipality : montemignaio , pontassieve , pratovecchio , reggello , rignano sull'arno , rufina .
slaton is a city in lubbock county , texas , united state .
alexander the great reportedly had intercrural sex with hephaestion .
from 1884 , namibia was a german colony : german south west africa .
the 1st armoured brigade was a formation of the australian army during world war ii .
the monopoly became an oligopoly .
taszár is a village in somogy county , hungary .
albany township is a township in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
the occipital lobe is one of four lobe in the brain .
israel folau has played other sport professionally , such as australian rule football and rugby league .
moldavia and wallachia remained russian protectorate until the crimean war .
zhang lu died in ye city in 216 .
vivo ( ) is the third live album by mexican singer luis miguel .
nilüfer is a district of bursa province of turkey .
other thermodynamic potential can also be obtained through legendre transformation .
presently , the toronto public library operates several branch within york .
elvanfoot is a small village in south lanarkshire , scotland .
eucleia was worshipped in locris and boeotia .
kakumiro is a town in the western region of uganda .
lowry is a town in walworth county , south dakota , united state .
paella is one of the best-known dish in spanish cuisine .
brock is a township in the regional municipality of durham , ontario , canada .
bekkelaget is an area in the borough nordstrand in oslo , norway .
the army of the potomac was the principal union army in the eastern theater of the american civil war .
he was also appointed as a gentleman usher to george v , edward viii and also george vi .
several scholar consider islamophobia to be a form of xenophobia or racism .
marion is a city in mcdowell county , north carolina , united state .
german international school cape town ( , dsk ) is a german international school in cape town , south africa .
on a restart , chase elliott spun and collected trevor bayne .
b cell develop early during gestation but are not fully active .
branchville is a borough in sussex county , new jersey , united state .
44 is a repdigit .
historically jämtland was a special territory between norway and sweden .
payerne district was a district of the canton of vaud in switzerland .
gregg township is a township in centre county , pennsylvania , united state .
alexander goudie died in 2004 in glasgow , scotland .
goldington elects two councillor to bedford borough council .
amphotericin b , nystatin , and natamycin are example of polyene antimycotic .
decomposition rate vary among ecosystem .
the amazon rainforest is one of the world 's largest carbon sink .
colmar is one of the driest city in france .
schiller park is a station on metra 's north central service in schiller park , illinois .
ypsilantis was the brother of alexander ypsilantis , leader of filiki eteria .
the art gallery of windsor was originally located in walkerville 's willistead manor .
interstate 80 went over the missouri river at that point .
in the california state legislature , bystrom is in , and .
on march 8 pennsylvania colonel walter stewart arrived at newburgh .
the vowel were the same as those of ithkuil iv .
canada square is one of the central square at canary wharf .
between elmer and sandusky , m-19 follows m-46 for about .
wellow is a village in nottinghamshire , england .
altamont is a town in grundy county , tennessee , united state .
west unity is a village in williams county , ohio , united state .
louisa county was established in 1742 from hanover county .
andy murray defeated andy roddick , 6–4 , 6–2
oklahoma state highway 76 lead north from lindsay to blanchard and south healdton .
lakeside city is a town in archer county , texas , united state .
newmarket transit was a transit system in york region , ontario , canada .
church of christ the cornerstone is an ecumenical church in milton keynes , buckinghamshire .
todd woodbridge / mark woodforde defeated jim grabb / richey reneberg 6–4 , 7–6
amiga action was a monthly magazine about amiga video game .
mount kent is a mountain on east falkland , falkland island .
the cosmopolitan is a relative of cranberry cooler like the cape codder .
nyingchi mainling airport is the third airport in the tibet autonomous region .
israel–singapore relation are foreign relation between israel and singapore .
east side is a borough in carbon county , pennsylvania , united state .
markland wood is a residential neighbourhood in toronto , ontario , canada .
the mcpherson micropolitan statistical area includes all of mcpherson county .
rangpur division ( ) is one the division in bangladesh .
danville was part of northumberland county , pennsylvania , when it was founded .
new jersey institute of technology ( njit ) is a public research university in newark , new jersey .
eric butorac / jamie murray defeated chris haggard / rainer schüttler 7–5 , 7–6
walkerville is a suburb of adelaide , south australia .
abc news radio is the radio service of abc audio , a division of the abc news .
st john 's hospital is the main general hospital in livingston , west lothian , scotland .
for the costa rica 2011 census , puerto carrillo had a population of inhabitant .
râșca ( ) is a commune in cluj county , transylvania , romania .
the double bass is the low-pitched instrument in gypsy jazz .
melbourne beach is a town in brevard county , florida .
829 naval air squadron was a squadron of the royal navy fleet air arm .
bradmore road is a residential road in north oxford , england .
ove bang was born at røyken in buskerud county , norway .
this turtle lives in small stream , marsh and pond .
brotherton is part of fairburn with brotherton electoral ward .
two more oriel window are in the outermost bay .
gigi fernández / natasha zvereva defeated mariaan de swardt / irina spîrlea 7–6 , 6–3
hubert dreyfus was a critic of artificial intelligence research .
macalister range is a coastal locality in the cairn region , queensland , australia .
godfrey is a village in madison county , illinois , united state .
windsor is a city in shelby county , illinois , united state .
bridgeview is a village in cook county , illinois , united state .
in 1900 a yamhill river lock and dam was completed about downriver from lafayette , oregon .
the morgan horse is one of the earliest horse breed developed in the united state .
florence is a ghost town in idaho county , idaho , united state .
solikamsk ( ) is a town in perm krai , russia .
fermented fish is a traditional preparation of fish as fermented food .
bloomsbury square is a garden square in holborn , london borough of camden , london .
masaka district is a district in buganda kingdom in uganda .
mcintosh county lies on the south line of north dakota .
silver lake is a city in mcleod county , minnesota , united state .
style , abyss , sean waltman and monty brown in a five way king of the mountain match .
the oxide are commercially important ore of titanium .
in the california state legislature , san anselmo is in :
millerton was the first county seat of fresno county .
lixnaw ( ) is a village in north county kerry , republic of ireland .
hadfield is a town in the high peak of derbyshire , england .
the gulf of finland connects the baltic sea with saint petersburg .
prairie du sac is a town in sauk county , wisconsin , united state .
tamaqua was taken from the territory of west penn and schuylkill township .
the german football association ( ; dfb ) is the successful governing body of association football in germany .
paris is a city in monroe county , missouri , united state .
el paso high school is the oldest operating high school in el paso , texas , and is part of the el paso independent school district .
kost castle is located in the jičín district of the czech republic .
kimchi is one of the most important dish in korean cuisine .
milford township is a township in juniata county , pennsylvania , united state .
fishery and aquaculture contribute significantly to food security and livelihood .
estadio centenario is the primary home of the uruguay national team .
vic is located from barcelona and from girona .
rosemont is a village in frederick county , maryland , united state .
tin hau is one of the 13 constituency of the wan chai district council of hong kong .
free module are flat over any ring `` r '' .
sea snake feed exclusively on fish and their egg .
the panama canal remains one of the chief revenue source for panama .
hanoi became the capital of french indochina in 1902 replacing saigon .
nankana sahib and it surroundings were formerly a tehsil of sheikhupura district .
penn laird is an unincorporated community in rockingham county , virginia , united state .
cybersex often includes real life masturbation .
well-known golfer like peter thomson , gary player , and bruce crampton played the event .
illinois route 116 leads west from ashkum to pontiac .
patton is a borough in cambria county , pennsylvania , united state .
tritium is an example of a radioactive isotope .
longone al segrino borders the following municipality : canzo , erba , eupilio , and proserpio .
google also maintained a minimalist interface to its search engine .
sevmash is the only shipyard in russia producing nuclear submarine .
in medieval time the townland belonged to kingdom of meath .
stuttgart municipal airport is in prairie county , arkansas .
real jaén was relegated after two year in la liga .
stowe lane is a cricket ground in colwall , herefordshire .
the current leader of the opposition is kamla persad-bissessar , leader of the united national congress .
big league was the official magazine of the national rugby league .
pablo albano / peter nyborg defeated david adam / andrei olhovskiy 6–4 , 7–6
hemmant is a suburb of the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
the carriage house is located to the east of the meeting house .
nausea , vomiting and diarrhea are more rare symptom of ectopic pregnancy .
the remaining bomber returned to rabaul .
são vicente is home to numerous historic neighborhood , including alfama .
yusuf ibn tashfin was a muslim king of the berber almoravid dynasty .
martinique appeared in fourteen caribbean cup .
vanadzor is the seat of the diocese of gougark of the armenian apostolic church .
the manchester to london railway line passes through levenshulme railway station .
rhynd ( ) is a hamlet in perth and kinross , scotland .
mission is a city in hidalgo county , texas , united state .
`` panzer general 3d assault '' is the third sequel to `` panzer general '' .
the sullivan county junior senior high school offers a dual enrollment program .
el dorado is part of the wichita metropolitan statistical area .
batu lanchang is a suburb of george town in penang , malaysia .
ballistic missile submarine differ in purpose from attack submarine and cruise missile submarine .
the taliban 's quetta shura is the main leadership among afghanistan 's taliban .
w. r. myers high school is located in taber , alberta , canada .
lingya district ( ) is a district of kaohsiung , taiwan .
tamarack is a city in aitkin county , minnesota , united state .
until 1931 blockley was an enclave and exclave of worcestershire .
slipper clutch are now fitted to many current sport bike .
nea chalkidona ( , meaning new chalcedon ) is a suburb of athens , greece .
the university of wyoming consists of seven college : agriculture and natural resource , art and science , business , education , engineering and applied science , health science , and university of wyoming college of law .
after the battle of caporetto the chief of staff of the italian army luigi cadorna was finally dismissed and replaced by armando diaz .
one tree hill is a town on the outskirt of adelaide , south australia .
the dam and aqueduct constitute a major part of the original new york city water supply system .
ortega is also used as a table grape .
champakulam moolam boat race is the oldest and most popular vallam kali in kerala .
screenwest receives funding from the government of western australia via lotterywest .
darwen railway station serves darwen , a town in lancashire , england .
japanese buddhist temple typically include a main hall .
dinamina ( ) is a sinhala language daily newspaper in sri lanka .
dubai creek extension is a part of the business bay development .
charlotte area transit system ( cat ) is gastonia 's commuter provider to charlotte .
rock creek is a village in ashtabula county , ohio , united state .
the path begins where the san diego creek empty into upper newport bay .
42 birbhum ( lok sabha constituency ) are in birbhum district .
mustang heart is the fourth studio album by canadian country music artist george fox .
rabindranath tagore wrote a piece for magazine at the request of kazi nazrul islam .
public art may include sculpture , statue , monument , memorial , mural and mosaic .
shaun udal , sean ervine and craig mcmillan all got two wicket .
ogun state is a state in southwestern nigeria .
the little blackfoot river is located in powell county , montana .
it is found on madagascar , the comoros and mauritius .
jvc was the only manufacturer of hdv 720p camcorder .
the staple food are rice and fish .
pohatcong township is a township in warren county , new jersey , united state .
robbie koenig / martín rodríguez defeated martin damm / cyril suk 6–3 , 7–6
first west yorkshire operate five depot in bradford , halifax , huddersfield , hunslet and bramley .
the ranji trophy is the premiere first-class cricket competition in india .
in 1878 , the catholic church in scotland re-established the bishopric system , and orkney came under the resurrected and reformatted roman catholic diocese of aberdeen .
changwon gymnasium is an arena in changwon , south korea .
sri lanka won the 1996 cricket world cup by defeating australia .
niakaramandougou department is a department of hambol region in vallée du bandama district , ivory coast .
pakistani english phonology follows that of british english .
hin hua high school ( ) is a chinese independent high school in malaysia .
china has improved tie with russia .
cherokee sweet potato bread is a variation on potato bread that uses sweet potato .
val di nizza borders the following municipality : fortunago , montesegale , ponte nizza , ruino , valverde , varzi .
essex is the second largest local education authority in england .
steinhausen-rigiblick is a railway station in the swiss canton of zug , situated in the municipality of steinhausen .
mild physical dependence can result from long-term caffeine use .
keedysville is a town in washington county , maryland , united state .
split lake is on the hudson bay railway line that ends at the port of churchill .
trevor day school is the first school in manhattan to use geothermal technology .
gorgie ( ) is a densely populated area of edinburgh , scotland .
the turret clock is one of the earliest type of clock .
bogați is a commune in argeș county , muntenia , romania .
bene lario borders the following municipality : carlazzo , grandola ed uniti , lenno , porlezza .
message authentication code ( mac ) are often built from block cipher .
the hospital also focuses in high-quality aesthetic and plastic surgery .
rainbow trout inhabited little tomhicken creek in the early 20th century .
functional programming language often allow the subtyping of record .
the stadium hosted four list a match from 1994 when madhya pradesh cricket team played against rajasthan cricket team .
waikiwi is a suburb of invercargill , southland , new zealand .
caithness shinty club is a shinty team from caithness , scotland .
camp douglas is home to volk field air national guard base .
the census town are : balichak , chaulia , deuli , kharagpur railway settlement and kalaikunda .
tamil nadu state transport corporation ( tnstc ) is the public transport bus operator of tamil nadu , india .
macouria is one of the smallest city of french guiana .
the gullah have also reached out to west africa .
islay herald of arm is a scottish herald of arm of the court of the lord lyon .
eccleshall castle was the palace of the bishop of lichfield .
guy 's hospital is an nhs hospital in the london borough of southwark in central london .
the greek national road 33 ( patras - tripoli ) runs through tritaia .
in 1019 the byzantine empire restored direct control over dalmatia .
mentor marsh is an abandoned channel of the grand river .
all non-zero nilpotent element are zero divisor .
ray reardon won in the final 38–32 against eddie charlton .
ilie năstase / tom okker defeated mike cahill / colin dibley 7–5 , 6–4
saltillo is served by the lee county school district .
the skybus metro was a prototype suspended railway in goa , india .
famous oklahoma author dr. angie debo was from marshall , oklahoma .
unlike the white house hanukkah party , obama 's white house passover seder was not a political event .
chief warrant officer kevin charles west , is a warrant officer of the royal canadian air force .
montgomery 's inn is a museum in etobicoke , toronto , ontario .
revolution is the third studio album by american country music singer miranda lambert .
harbardsbreen is the 10th largest glacier in mainland norway .
the assistant chief of the general staff and army chief of staff is a senior role in the british army .
through trajan and hadrian , philopappos also met their family .
stavronikita is the smallest of all athonite monastery .
the eastern district council is the district council for the eastern district in hong kong .
hakin is a coastal village in pembrokeshire , wale .
bodfari is a village and community in denbighshire , wale .
rangamati is located in the chittagong division .
genetic testing identifies change in chromosome , gene , or protein .
gloucester city is a city in camden county , new jersey , united state .
the diocese is a suffragan of the roman catholic archdiocese of port of spain , and a member of the antilles episcopal conference .
west deptford township is a township in gloucester county , new jersey , united state .
shuwaikh ( ) is a seaside district of kuwait city in kuwait .
the great egg harbor river is a river in southern new jersey in the united state .
bergslagen was once the most important iron area in sweden .
adamsville is a village in muskingum county , ohio , united state .
sion is a neighbourhood of mumbai .
agra district is a part of agra division .
except for helgøya , mjøsa only contains small islet .
the asteroid was named after malcolm kennedy of the astronomical society of glasgow .
the dayton convention center is the primary public convention center in dayton , ohio , united state .
van wert is a city in decatur county , iowa , united state .
candlestick chart serve as a cornerstone of technical analysis .
shiva is god in the form of a yogi .
deep blue is the third studio album by australian metalcore band parkway drive .
behind the priory on vestergade lies the church of our lady .
the auxiliary power unit is a honeywell htg400g .
the piast dynasty was the first historical ruling dynasty of poland .
peninsula is a village in summit county , ohio , united state .
north american company had once been one of the original stock in the dow jones industrial average .
panola is an unincorporated community in panola county , texas , united state .
fredrik meltzer was born in bergen , norway .
new durham is served by new hampshire route 11 .
paul brown stadium is an outdoor american football stadium in cincinnati , ohio .
st kevin 's college is a member of the associated public school of victoria .
alexander peya and martin slanar won in the final 7–5 , 7–5 against rik de voest and izak van der merwe .
the department of conservation identifies eight main threat to weka .
in the california state legislature , san mateo is in , and in .
the kuwait football association ( kfa ) is the governing body of football in kuwait .
chicago avenue is a street in chicago , illinois .
kansakar was born in kathmandu .
the vale of glamorgan council is the governing body for the vale of glamorgan , one of the principal area of wale .
shepetivka region is a part of volhynia .
hispanic america became the main part of the vast spanish empire .
caledonia is a village in kent county , michigan , united state .
the heinkel he 176 was a german rocket-powered aircraft .
nolanville is a city in bell county , texas , united state .
conoy township is a township in northwestern lancaster county , pennsylvania , united state .
thrikkunnapuzha is the south-west part of alappuzha district , kerala , india .
a single-bay chancel leads off from the nave .
darsi assembly constituency is a constituency of the andhra pradesh legislative assembly in india .
in 2001 , the president of india conferred on her the padma shri .
mehrauli lies in the south district of delhi at .
vilnius voivodeship became the capital voivodeship of the grand duchy of lithuania .
vice admiral rf contractor served as the 17th chief of the indian coast guard .
portsmouth is part of new hampshire 's 1st congressional district , currently represented by democrat chris pappa .
tony trabert defeated vic seixas 6–3 , 6–2 , 6–3
cardeto borders the following municipality : bagaladi , reggio calabria , roccaforte del greco .
charly bliss have been frequently compared to weezer .
in some jurisdiction , putative marriage are a matter of case law rather than legislation .
the kingdom of sussex was an independent unit until the reign of offa of mercia .
quetta is the provincial capital of balochistan .
llandaf railway station is in llandaff north , cardiff , wale .
dentifrice is also the french word for toothpaste .
the specific name honours jacob gijsbertus samuël van breda .
benjamin ruggles woodbridge presented a bell to his parish in south hadley , massachusetts .
life model decoy have been partly replaced with version of ultron .
traffic were inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 2004 .
moravia is a city in appanoose county , iowa , united state .
shavington cum gresty is a civil parish in cheshire east , england .
odobenidae is a family of pinniped .
sarcoxie township is a civil township in jefferson county , kansa , usa .
his damsire , rheingold , won the 1973 prix de l'arc de triomphe .
gaular is a former municipality in sogn og fjordane county , norway .
lom prisoner of war camp sorted under the norwegian 2nd division , led by general jacob hvinden haug .
schuylkill haven was developed around the schuylkill river .
justice anthony kennedy delivered the majority opinion .
nothing , not even light , can escape from inside the event horizon .
brunswick park is a neighbourhood , public park and electoral ward in the london borough of barnet .
reasi is also part of udhampur lok sabha constituency .
the 1st brigade , 5th infantry division launched operation green river in quảng trị province .
`` freeway of love '' is a song by american singer aretha franklin .
huyton railway station serves huyton in merseyside , england .
høgsfjorden is a fjord in rogaland county , norway .
buffalo creek joins the juniata river at the borough of newport .
the london and south western railway ( lswr ) electrified its line on the third rail dc system .
in new mexico , caja del rio is a volcanic field of over 60 cinder cone .
alexander peya and martin slanar won in the final 7–5 , 7–5 against rik de voest and izak van der merwe .
dmitry tursunov defeated tomáš berdych 6–3 , 4–6 , 7–6
mccoll is the home of the pee dee indian tribe .
jamestown is a city in stutsman county , north dakota , united state .
the doctor collapses from old age and transforms into the second doctor .
steve darcis won in the final 6–3 , 7–6 , against robin söderling .
the coscinodiscophyceae are a class of diatom .
the current quartermaster general is brigadier general douglas m. mcbride .
the flash and green lantern took them down in `` justice society of america '' ( vol .
the manych ship canal is a canal between the black sea lagoon the sea of azov and the caspian sea .
the bow was reinforced with a naval ram .
madhavaram milk colony is the tamil nadu co-operative milk producer ' federation ltd 's first dairy in chennai .
ilmoilanselkä is a lake in finland .
virar is in vasai taluka , palghar district , maharashtra , india .
longtown is a linear village and parish in herefordshire , england .
bedok mrt station is connected to bedok bus interchange .
port bell linked khartoum and kisumu .
eldora township is one of fifteen township in surry county , north carolina .
spontaneous fission gives much the same result as induced nuclear fission .
kolwezi is an important mining centre for copper and cobalt .
the brazeau bottom lies below the american and bois brule bottom along the mississippi river .
tom okker / marty riessen defeated fred mcnair / sherwood stewart 6–2 , 6–2
hampshire county school is the operating school district within hampshire county , west virginia .
romeo 's heart is a studio album by australian singer john farnham .
illinois 's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the u.s. state of illinois .
italy hosts the nato defense college in rome .
nicolas grunitzky was the sole elected member for the togolese party of progress .
the battle of bạch đằng was the last confrontation between đại việt and the yuan dynasty .
stratford is a village in marathon county , wisconsin , united state .
dream walkin ' is the fourth studio album from american country music artist toby keith .
fairfax was lured west as part of the california gold rush .
lowca looks out over the solway firth to the west .
after second partition of poland in 1793 the russian empire annexed the city and the region .
in west bengal 1 katha is equal to 720 ft² .
the british colony of british columbia joined canada as the sixth province .
port wentworth is a city in chatham county , georgia , united state .
portsmouth is a unitary authority in hampshire , england .
later , amanda waller recruited desmond for her revived suicide squad .
cannon hill is a suburb of the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
little budworth is a civil parish in cheshire west and chester , england .
gamma secretase activity has also been associated with lipid raft .
afonso pereira de lacerda was the fifth captain-major of portuguese ceylon .
jonas björkman / nicklas kulti defeated yevgeny kafelnikov / menno oosting 6–4 , 6–4
tadji is located to the east of aitape .
jordan is a microcosm of working-class hong kong .
reshian is the gateway to leepa valley .
kanji title are given with hepburn romanization .
set theory is a branch of logic and not technically a branch of algebra .
maharana pratap airport is an airport serving udaipur , rajasthan , india .
longboat key is south of anna maria island , between sarasota bay and the gulf of mexico .
redmond ridge and redmond ridge east community are part of the lake washington school district .
hazel dell is an unincorporated community in cumberland county , illinois , united state .
until 1991 the byelorussian soviet socialist republic had been a constituent ssr of the soviet union .
harlequin , a rugby union club , play at the twickenham stoop .
kothagudem assembly constituency is a constituency of telangana legislative assembly , india .
thousand mile stare is the fifth studio album by british electronic music artist chicane .
mount sinai also holds significance in islam .
the lowest visible bedrock is chagrin shale .
romania competed at the 1992 winter olympics in albertville , france .
belize is the most sparsely populated nation in central america .
hoff is a civil parish in the eden district , cumbria , england .
the central band of the royal air force is an raf regular band and is part of royal air force music service .
vermont route 78 leads northwest from sheldon junction down the missisquoi to highgate center and swanton .
little butte creek is a tributary of the rogue river in the u.s. state of oregon .
in 1810 , the principality of regensburg became part of the kingdom of bavaria , although it retained archiepiscopal status .
alabama seceded from the union a week later .
qatar petroleum ( qp ) is a state owned petroleum company of qatar .
conduction aphasia is another speech disorder that is similar to , but not the same as , apraxia of speech .
signal hill is home to the battalion park school .
toluca is home of the liga mx association football club deportivo toluca .
the central province is primarily in the central mountainous terrain of sri lanka .
dynamo balashikha was an ice hockey team in balashikha , russia .
lodomillo township is a civil township in clayton county , iowa , usa .
maurice guest ( 1908 ) is the debut novel by australian writer henry handel richardson .
weed are a serious problem in winneconnet pond .
andrei vasilevskiy was nominated for the vezina trophy .
the fleetwood area school district serves the child of fleetwood borough , maidencreek township , and richmond township .
australian hope bernard tomic made quick work of leonardo mayer .
luminous infrared galaxy are characterised by increased star formation .
westhoughton was a parliamentary constituency in lancashire , england .
krasninsky district was transferred to smolensk oblast .
william lee remained at mount vernon , where he worked as a shoemaker .
east troy is a village in walworth county , wisconsin , united state .
the flour tortilla is the sister to the corn tortilla which was created first .
continental crust differs significantly from oceanic crust .
korean air has codeshare agreement with the following airline :
the golden era was a 19th-century san francisco newspaper .
stefan edberg defeated michael chang 7–6 , 2–6 , 7–6
the north magnetic pole is approximately from the geographic north pole .
tyrannosaurus is a genus of coelurosaurian theropod dinosaur .
alexandria is a town in dekalb county , tennessee , united state .
the rajput samma dynasty replaced the rajput soomra dynasty .
crisp county comprises the cordele , ga micropolitan statistical area .
these record producer included gil norton , ken nelson and ian broudie .
the 1939 giro d'italia was a battle between gino bartali and giovanni valetti .
the 46th meridian west forms a great circle with the 134th meridian east .
the undertaker returned on `` smackdown ! ''
chromosome 17 contains the homeobox b gene cluster .
his second on command , martín de goiti departed from cebu and arrived in manila .
scarriff is on the route of the east clare way , walking trail .
the vietnam people 's air force ( ) is the air force of vietnam .
withdean stadium in brighton is the largest athletics stadium in sussex .
emerald isle is a town in carteret county , north carolina , united state .
center conway is the oldest settlement of conway , new hampshire .
the end complete is the third album by american death metal band obituary .
lithonia is in the atlanta metropolitan area .
as such , bitcoin is a digital currency but also a type of virtual currency .
porteirinha is part of the statistical microregion of janaúba .
gandarvakottai is a taluk under pudukkottai district , tamil nadu , india .
fc seoul moved to the seoul world cup stadium in 2004 .
sialkot ( urdu and ) is a city in punjab , pakistan .
in 1838 the north union railway opened its line from parkside to preston .
calico rock is a city in izard county , arkansas , united state .
the canadian social credit movement was largely an out-growth of alberta social credit .
the ombla river flows into rijeka dubrovačka .
calder is a residential neighbourhood in northwest edmonton , alberta , canada .
the connersville center offers extension course through indiana university east .
the calvin cycle takes place in the stroma of the chloroplast .
simpsonville is a city in greenville county , south carolina , united state .
willie smith met tom newman in the second match .
idaho entered training with aidan o'brien at ballydoyle .
sea urchin are traditional model organism in developmental biology .
winnebago is a village in thurston county , nebraska , united state .
edge defended the title against jeff jarrett .
bonnie rock is a small town in the wheatbelt region of western australia .
george william horner used it in his edition of the bohairic new testament .
the mowat cup is the championship trophy of junior a hockey in british columbia .
some college and hotel serve brunch .
hungary competed at the 2004 summer paralympics in athens , greece .
at the same time mikhail ii of tver attacked dmitrov .
icann also maintains registry of internet protocol identifier .
the friedberger ach is a river in bavaria , germany .
the red line then travels through north dallas , richardson and plano .
ratmalana divisional secretariat is a divisional secretariat of colombo district , of western province , sri lanka .
bishnupur subdivision consists of bishnupur and sonamukhi municipality and six community development block : indas , joypur , patrasayer , kotulpur , sonamukhi and bankura .
with regard to education , milwaukee is home to uw-milwaukee and marquette university .
the median is the corresponding measure of central tendency .
sankertown is a borough in cambria county , pennsylvania , united state .
ponderano is a municipality in the province of biella , piedmont , northwestern italy .
troy duster is also a professor at new york university .
mayor bill de blasio and his family currently live in the gracie mansion .
indian union muslim league is a major member of the united democratic front .
the broadway line began at columbus circle .
wheeling is the home of wheeling island hotel-casino-racetrack located on wheeling island .
ethnographic research or ethnography has its origin in anthropology .
osceola is a city in clarke county , iowa , united state .
the nzoc ( new zealand olympic committee ) is the national olympic committee for new zealand .
richland township is located in lasalle county , illinois .
capella is relatively close , at from the sun .
wtag is a fox news radio affiliate .
south lakeland is a local government district in cumbria , england .
sinharaja forest reserve is a forest reserve and a biodiversity hotspot in sri lanka .
sahiwal became a part of pakistan .
suetonius finally describes the assassination of vitellius .
david adam / andrei olhovskiy defeated sergio casal / emilio sánchez 7–5 , 7–6
mission santa barbara ( ) is a spanish mission in santa barbara , california .
tin is a soft , malleable , ductile and highly crystalline silvery-white metal .
skirwith is a village in the english county of cumbria .
lightning bolt is the tenth studio album by the american rock band pearl jam .
the mashpee river is a tidal river on cape cod in mashpee , massachusetts .
raspberry plain is a historic property and former plantation in loudoun county , virginia , near leesburg .
however , private sector health care is mainly in the primary care sector .
arabissus is now a titular see of the catholic church .
the barbarigo family was a patrician family of the republic of venice .
the shire of johnstone was a local government area of queensland .
on 24 april the 67th army became part of the newly formed 3rd baltic front .
the scandinavian monetary union replaced the riksdaler riksmynt in 1873 with a new currency , the swedish krona .
in general relativity , a world line is a curve in spacetime .
two new york city subway station serve dekalb avenue :
the 1908 open championship was held 18–19 june and was also played at prestwick golf club .
nescopeck is a borough in luzerne county , pennsylvania , united state .
panama is a town in le flore county , oklahoma , united state .
shepherd is a city in san jacinto county , texas , united state .
east coast park can be accessed via fort road from kallang .
the bodleian law library ( bll ) is an academic library in oxford , england .
canby is a city in clackamas county , oregon , united state .
fort pickens remained in the hand of the union army throughout the war .
white lead is a base for paint .
air china is a member of the star alliance .
old abe state trail is a paved multi-use rail trail in chippewa county , wisconsin , usa .
shanghai disneyland park is a theme park at the shanghai disney resort in pudong , shanghai .
his cousin tim shadbolt is mayor of invercargill .
dallas escobedo was the national pro fastpitch no .
the foundation is of limestone , carefully dressed .
the austrian netherlands were both a province of habsburg austria and a part of the holy roman empire .
han chinese refugee migrated west into han chinese controlled former liang .
a cottony white partial veil connects the cap to the stipe .
indian village is in the south bend community school corporation ( sbcsc ) .
westhorpe hall was a manor house in westhorpe , suffolk , england .
a chilean army then invaded peru .
northside is a neighborhood in cincinnati , ohio .
hedluv + passman are a rap duo from redruth , cornwall , england .
the commandery was established in the qin dynasty .
boonton township is a township in morris county , new jersey , united state .
portsmouth is a town in newport county , rhode island .
new york state route 430 follows the east shore of chautauqua lake .
typically , during a liquidity crisis , the interbank lending market does not function smoothly either .
the 1935 boston college eagle football team represented boston college during the 1935 college football season .
vellore lies in the eastern ghat region and palar river basin .
the border region is a nuts level iii statistical region of republic of ireland .
lorenzo ghiberti was born in pelago in 1378 .
the bindi also represents the third eye .
every musical instrument has resonator .
georgia 's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in the u.s. state of georgia .
bronze disease ranges from vivid green to pastel green .
the execution chamber is located at the oklahoma state penitentiary .
malmo township was named after malmö in sweden .
hartford is a town in washington county , wisconsin , united state .
the other major tributary , canada creek , tomahawk creek and the rainy river all rise in northern montmorency county .
jašiūnai ( ) is a town in lithuania .
watergrasshill ( ) is a village in north east county cork in republic of ireland .
the shogun retired and signaled the time of the meiji restoration .
the argyle diamond mine is the main source of rare pink diamond .
gate helmsley station served the village of gate helmsley and holtby .
tiger chen became a student of hong kong martial artist yuen woo-ping in 2000s .
itigi is a town in central tanzania .
the cdc 6000 series was a family of mainframe computer manufactured by control data corporation in the 1960s .
the south gippsland railway line opened in 1892 from dandenong .
comley is a hamlet in shropshire , england .
dravida munnetra kazhagam was emerging as a major challenger to indian national congress party in tamil nadu .
hapur district contains three tehsils : hapur , garhmukteshwar and dhaulana .
purple martin are migratory passerine .
`` last resort '' is a song by rock band papa roach .
locust point is a peninsular neighborhood in baltimore , maryland .
buxar is a nagar parishad city in the state of bihar , india bordering eastern uttar pradesh .
the calvaria is the top part of the skull .
his brother , jaggesh , is an established actor in kannada cinema .
newport is a town in carteret county , north carolina , united state .
some plant use coarse woody debris as habitat .
olney township is a township in noble county , minnesota , united state .
the tel aviv city hall is located at rabin square .
grand gulf is a ghost town in claiborne county , mississippi , united state .
since 1999 złotów has been the seat of złotów county .
caroline wozniacki defeated akiko morigami 6–3 , 6–2
puddington is a civil parish in cheshire west and chester , england .
medicine , dentistry , pharmacy , midwifery , nursing , optometry , audiology , psychology , occupational therapy , physical therapy , athletic training and other health profession are all part of health care .
in addition , bartow county , georgia was formerly cass county , until after the american civil war .
gadebridge park is the largest green space in hemel hempstead .
alberto berasategui defeated jim courier 6–4 , 6–2
manitowoc county is a county in the u.s. state of wisconsin .
the university of oxford runs a day nursery at 4c bradmore road .
member of the shiv sena and the bharatiya janata party , walked out of the maharashtra legislative assembly in session in condemnation .
vefsn ( ) is a municipality in nordland county , norway .
salesville is a city in baxter county , arkansas , united state .
the episcopal church in jerusalem and the middle east is a province of the anglican communion .
butch otter appointed her to the idaho senate to finish durst 's term .
the indian river school district is a public school district in sussex county , delaware in the united state .
fredonia is a borough in mercer county , pennsylvania , united state .
in may 1920 , xiang jingyu married cai hesen .
harwich high school was the third smallest public high school on cape cod .
gaižiūnai is a village in jonava district municipality , lithuania .
amadou toumani touré , a former president of mali , is a native of mopti .
gibson house is a historical museum in toronto , ontario , canada .
the colorado general assembly is the state legislature of the state of colorado .
in the california state legislature , roseland is in , and in .
lord street is the main shopping street of southport .
radio sagarmatha is a fm radio station in kathmandu valley of nepal .
by 1972 , gianfranco sanguinetti and guy debord were the only two remaining member of situationist international .
nuussuaq peninsula defines the northern limit of sugar loaf bay .
frick park is the largest municipal park in pittsburgh , pennsylvania , covering .
in less developed country , malnutrition is the main cause of child mortality .
lick run joins little fishing creek upstream of its mouth .
the campaign propelled maj. gen. george b. mcclellan to command of the army of the potomac .
hilltown township is a township in buck county , pennsylvania , united state .
andersonville is an unincorporated community in anderson county , tennessee .
most plastic contain organic polymer .
the current primate is archbishop shane janzen of the anglican catholic church of canada .
sandy lake is a lake in kenora district , ontario .
`` resident evil zero '' is a third-person survival horror video game .
western new york is the westernmost region of the state of new york .
brownstown is a village in fayette county , illinois , united state .
panther den wilderness is the smallest of eight wilderness area in illinois .
union grove is a village in racine county , wisconsin , united state .
in the reconstruction era , jackson square served as an arsenal .
arthur ashe defeated björn borg 6–4 , 7–6
shek pik reservoir ( ) is a reservoir in shek pik on lantau island in hong kong .
akshay kumar dug a toilet in madhya pradesh to promote the film .
martina navratilova defeated sue barker 6–4 , 6–4
mitosis includes four phase , prophase , metaphase , anaphase , and telophase .
there brahma is living with a new name , upendra .
soil compaction can eventually lead to erosion .
nicolas escudé defeated ivan ljubičić 6–3 , 7–6
grant connell and glenn michibata won in the final 7–6 , 6–4 against jason stoltenberg and todd woodbridge .
after that , sami zayn faced shinsuke nakamura .
vercelli is the seat of the viotti international music competition .
the macau peninsula was once an island on the pearl river delta .
in november 1940 superman became a founding member of the justice society of america .
eskilstuna ( ) is a city and the seat of eskilstuna municipality , södermanland county , sweden .
heldrungen is a town and a former municipality in the kyffhäuserkreis district , thuringia , germany .
therefore , the electric potential is continuous across an idealized surface charge .
goat milk and sheep ’ s milk cheese were the most prevalent type of cheese .
county carlow football club is the local rugby union club , while f.c .
the new guinea volunteer rifle ( ngvr ) was an infantry battalion of the australian army .
the bishop of st albans is the ordinary of the church of england diocese of st albans in the province of canterbury .
venus williams defeated amanda coetzer , 6–4 , 6–0
hatfield is a borough in montgomery county , pennsylvania , united state .
a voltage source is the dual of a current source .
reynolds is a town in taylor county , georgia , united state .
copeville is a town and a locality in the australian state of south australia .
per capita income is gross national income divided by population size .
in 1798 , bellikon became part of the canton of baden in the helvetic republic .
jessami is a village in ukhrul district , manipur , india .
dundalk gael is a gaa club from dundalk , county louth , republic of ireland .
the pelvic floor muscle can be strengthened with kegel exercise .
they stress the idea that haile selassie was jah and the reincarnation of jesus .
schwäbisch hall is the most important regional economic hub between frankfurt , stuttgart and nuremberg .
nitrogen mustard include mechlorethamine , cyclophosphamide , melphalan , chlorambucil , ifosfamide and busulfan .
stratton taylor served as president pro tempore of the oklahoma senate .
mykawa is within the houston independent school district .
`` this old house '' was one of the earliest home improvement show on national television .
the fuselage is steel tube with aircraft fabric covering .
the product is a special case of a limit .
agat bay is a bay on the west coast of guam .
motherwell railway station serves motherwell in north lanarkshire , scotland .
taiwan series ( ) is the championship series of the chinese professional baseball league ( cpbl ) .
fillmore township is a township in iowa county , iowa , usa .
those once loyal is the eighth and final album by the british death metal band bolt thrower .
aurora is a city in saint louis county , minnesota , united state .
tom okker defeated vitas gerulaitis 3–6 , 6–3 , 6–4
the 2/1st pioneer battalion was a pioneer battalion of the australian army during world war ii .
the little medicine bow river is a tributary of the medicine bow river in wyoming .
on 24 june 2016 , fc pirin razlog merged into pfc septemvri sofia .
college of the north atlantic has 17 campus location throughout newfoundland and labrador and one in the nation of qatar .
bhairava is considered as a destructive emanation in hindu mythology .
scott county is a county in the u.s. state of minnesota .
these protein are involved in electron transport chain .
ceremonial magic is part of hermeticism and western esotericism .
julfa district is in the east from nakhchivan city .
kuala lumpur international airport is the main and busiest airport of malaysia .
boris becker defeated sergio casal 6–4 , 6–3 , 7–6
carlotta is an unincorporated community in humboldt county , california .
the university of florida is a member of the national collegiate athletic association ( ncaa ) and southeastern conference ( sec ) .
örebro university ( ) is a state university in örebro , sweden .
lorain is a city in lorain county , ohio , united state .
incirlik air base later played an important role for nato during the cold war .
thomond park is a stadium in limerick in the irish province of munster .
the now-closed brisbane valley railway line ran from north to south through yimbun .
kaikeyi gave birth to bharata .
longboat key is south of anna maria island , between sarasota bay and the gulf of mexico .
seaport first flew pilatus pc-12 aircraft then later flew cessna 208 caravan 's .
the british pacific fleet took part in the battle of okinawa and the final naval strike on japan .
onion routing is a technique for anonymous communication over a computer network .
copper chromite is a useful hydrogenation catalyst .
cumin seed contain petroselinic acid .
this marine species occurs off mauritius , southeast asia ; indonesia ; the philippine .
unicoi county was created in 1875 from portion of washington and carter county .
josip manolić was the prime minister of croatia at the time .
upper harbour covers the northwestern reach of waitematā harbour .
forest township is one of fourteen township in clinton county , indiana .
franklin township is a township in carbon county , pennsylvania , united state .
lleyton hewitt defeated jason stoltenberg 6–4 , 6–0
vermillion is a city in dakota county , minnesota , united state .
saraswati is the goddess of knowledge and lakshmi is the goddess of wealth .
the swinburne university of technology sarawak campus is located in kuching , sarawak , malaysia .
port augusta airport is an airport located west of port augusta , south australia .
goatstown ( ) is a small , southside suburb of dublin , republic of ireland .
south western railway and southern both operate regular service at havant .
chunya district is one of the seven district of mbeya region , tanzania .
pachmarhi is a hill station of central india .
rock creek is a village in ashtabula county , ohio , united state .
the great northern railway line forms the northern boundary of black jack .
the lincoln battalion first saw action at the battle of jarama ( 6–27 february ) .
the 171st meridian west forms a great circle with the 9th meridian east .
rockaway boulevard is a major road in the new york city borough of queen .
osorno la mayor is a municipio in palencia province , castile and león , spain .
the protein is a member of the cytochrome p450 superfamily of enzyme .
raymond is a city in black hawk county , iowa , united state .
mcleansville is located in eastern guilford county at .
the woonasquatucket river separates it from johnston to the west .
the idaho legislature normally convenes at the idaho state capitol in downtown boise .
this protein is required for proper olfactory system function .
la salle county is a county in texas .
the people 's liberation army then muster for naval invasion of taiwan .
seneca is a city in grant county , oregon , united state .
lethbridge provides municipal water to coaldale , coalhurst , diamond city , iron spring , monarch , shaughnessy and turin .
the national center for the analysis of violent crime ( ncavc ) is established in the behavioral science unit at the fbi academy .
in the california state legislature , grand terrace is in , and in .
tolworth hospital is a health facility in tolworth , london .
one historically important fur trade portage is now grand portage national monument .
jiří novák and david rikl were the defending champion but lost in the semifinal to ellis ferreira and jeff tarango .
the copper mountain solar facility is a 150 mw photovoltaic power plant in boulder city , nevada .
iksal won 1–0 and were promoted to liga alef .
route 611 pass through sangin .
however , ayub khan fled to persia ( now iran ) .
privity of contract occurs only between the party to the contract , most commonly
evinston is an unincorporated community in alachua and marion county , florida , united state .
tampa is the largest city in the tampa bay area .
common rail injection is widely used in diesel engine .
jesmond is a largely residential suburb in newcastle upon tyne , north east england .
cardiff city centre is approximately 1 mile north of cardiff bay .
franklin township is a township in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
the fame is the debut studio album by american singer lady gaga .
madison township is one of sixteen township in buchanan county , iowa , usa .
ohiopyle is a borough in fayette county , pennsylvania , united state .
motor booty affair is an album by funk band parliament .
tamil nadu is a major participant in project elephant .
dillard is a city in rabun county , georgia , united state .
chopticon high school athletics belongs to the southern maryland athletic conference , and competes in maryland division 4a in state competition .
every finite lattice is a sublattice of a geometric lattice .
filipstad is a neighborhood in the frogner borough in oslo , norway .
the scottish episcopal church is the member church of the anglican communion in scotland .
in 2007 virginio merola was one of the founder of the democratic party .
hudson is a city in black hawk county , iowa , united state .
all of santa barbara county falls into california 's 24th congressional district .
a1 pod is a killer whale family in british columbia .
el-tabia mosque is a mosque in aswan , egypt .
castleford have a rivalry with neighbour featherstone rover and wakefield trinity .
the swedish bandy association ( ) is the governing body of bandy in sweden .
country club mall is located in allegany county in western maryland .
negril is one of the main tourist destination in jamaica .
spur 52 is located in columbus .
bread is a staple food throughout europe .
ma lin is now 15–10 head-to-head against wang hao .
the 14th dalai lama tenzin gyatso , is both the head of state and the spiritual leader of tibet .
vanaja is a former municipality of finland .
ohio 's 2nd congressional district is a district in southern ohio .
shivpuri district is a district of madhya pradesh state of india .
vehicle for hire company in hyderabad include uber , ola cab , and taxicab .
kurigram district ( ) is a district of bangladesh in the rangpur division .
shellfish are among the most common food allergen .
franklin township is a township in gloucester county , new jersey , united state .
spacer dna is a region of non-coding dna between gene .
manchester is a census-designated place in mendocino county , california .
clintonville is a city in waupaca county , wisconsin , united state .
king 's chapel is a small chapel in the british overseas territory of gibraltar .
prime minister of india rajiv gandhi was assassinated as a fallout of operation pawan by ltte .
the university of arkansas is located in fayetteville .
antihydrogen ( ) is the antimatter counterpart to hydrogen .
the southwest miramichi river is a river in new brunswick , canada .
belvedere castle is a folly in central park in manhattan , new york city .
pinot noir ( ) is a red wine grape variety of the specie `` vitis vinifera '' .
electoral college is based on the universal suffrage .
mather 's sister college is morse college at yale university .
pallopteridae is a family of fly .
sayler park is a neighborhood in cincinnati , ohio .
new york 's 8th congressional district for the us house of representative is in the new york city borough of brooklyn and queen .
the moline high school graduation ceremony is held at wharton field house .
the pcw tag team championship was the primary tag team title for phoenix championship wrestling .
thermal radiation occurs through a vacuum or any transparent optical medium ( solid or fluid or gas ) .
yeongcheon ( ) is a city in north gyeongsang province , south korea .
ongole assembly constituency is a constituency of the andhra pradesh legislative assembly , india .
leonite is a hydrated double sulfate of magnesium and potassium .
the dominican republic competed at the 2004 summer paralympics in athens , greece .
amnicola is a genus of very small freshwater snail which have an operculum .
nizhny novgorod is the administrative center ( capital ) of volga federal district and nizhny novgorod oblast .
the leica m9 is a full-frame digital rangefinder camera from leica camera ag .
the university of mount union is a private university in alliance , ohio .
buena vista is part of colorado 's bustang network .
khargone is a city in madhya pradesh state of in india .
in 2011 , richland school district achieved adequate yearly progress ( ayp ) .
southern min dialect undergo considerable tone sandhi , i.e .
doddridge county school is the operating school district within doddridge county , west virginia .
vladimir putin arrived in the kremlin and entered the grand kremlin palace .
robert todd lincoln beckwith ( 1904–1985 ) was a gentleman farmer and great-grandson of abraham lincoln .
the battle formation is a geologic formation of late cretaceous ( maastrichtian ) age in the western canada sedimentary basin .
indonesian national route 3 is the major road in java island , indonesia .
boydton is a town in mecklenburg county , virginia , united state .
the delmarva central railroad provides freight rail service to salisbury .
lincoln county lies on minnesota 's border with south dakota .
hosmer lake is about west of mount bachelor in deschutes national forest .
the holotype is in the peabody museum of natural history at yale university .
the larva and juvenile fish are pelagic and feed on zooplankton .
neuropilin is a protein receptor active in neuron .
shock rocker marilyn manson presented the scream rock immortal award to ozzy osbourne .
yendi is a town and the capital of yendi municipal district in the northern region of ghana .
the chernobyl disaster in 1986 was the first major accident at a civilian nuclear power plant .
regent street is a major shopping street in the west end of london .
homicide finally won with a professional wrestling attack # lariat .
this protein plays an important role in embryonic development .
every large monastery had priory .
anthony township is a township in montour county , pennsylvania , united state .
kyrgyzstan is today the second-poorest country in central asia .
the alabama republican party is the state affiliate of the republican party in alabama .
broseley is a civil parish in shropshire , england .
during the canton operation , the imperial japanese navy invaded the airport and expanded the runway .
pendleton is a town in anderson county , south carolina , united state .
yung shue wan ( ) is the main population centre on lamma island , hong kong .
the power5 is a further development of the power4 .
rosevale is a rural locality in the scenic rim region , queensland , australia .
transdev nsw provide frequent bus service to the upper north shore .
indira gandhi was the daughter of jawaharlal nehru , the first prime minister of india .
borghetto di vara borders the following municipality : beverino , brugnato , carrodano , levanto , pignone , rocchetta di vara , sesta godano .
the upper silesian industrial region was the second largest industrial urban agglomeration of the german empire after the ruhr area .
saint anthony 's battery ( ) is an artillery battery in qala , gozo , malta .
kota tinggi waterfall is a waterfall in kota tinggi , johor , malaysia .
cotton gin port is a ghost town in monroe county , mississippi , united state .
the credit union iplex is also the home of the swift current rampage a junior box lacrosse team .
the river chet ( norfolk ) rises in poringland .
the 2000–01 nba season was the 55th season of the national basketball association .
suske and wiske have their own statue in the antwerp zoo in antwerp .
geraldine mary harmsworth park is a public park in kennington , south london .
immune response depend on lymphocyte proliferation .
w. g. fay 's irish national dramatic company was a precursor to dublin 's abbey theatre .
including gravity the supersymmetry becomes local .
dhl supply chain is a division of deutsche post dhl and is affiliated with dhl .
sultana 's dream by begum rokeya , an islamic feminist , is one earliest work of feminist science fiction .
buttermilk bay is the southernmost point of plymouth , massachusetts .
taonga pūoro are the traditional musical instrument of the māori people of new zealand .
hyena have no baculum .
semele prayed to zeus that he show himself .
oglethorpe is a city in macon county , georgia , united state .
the cell is out of the cell cycle , g0 ) .
therefore , semicolon provides structure to the programming language .
california street is a major thoroughfare in san francisco , california .
west nottingham academy historic district is a national historic district at colora , cecil county , maryland , united state .
rocky mountain national park is in boulder county , larimer county , and grand county .
the tornado occurred during a strong occurrence of el niño .
b. raman was also a contributor to the south asia analysis group ( saag ) .
millbrook is a village in kendall county , illinois , united state .
nigeria competed at the 2004 summer paralympics in athens , greece .
alpha flight and wolverine also fought the master of the world at this time .
padang matsirat is a mukim in langkawi , kedah , malaysia .
the east penn railroad operates on of trackage in delaware and eastern pennsylvania .
pennsylvania route 414 leads west from the borough to canton .
in 1996 , sunday silence was inducted into the national museum of racing and hall of fame .
liu bei treat zhang song like an honoured guest .
the italy national football team represents the country of italy in international association football .
eigerøya is an island in eigersund municipality in rogaland county , norway .
rothrock state forest was near mount union and entriken , in huntingdon county .
franklin lies fully within the merrimack river watershed .
in the third match alberto del rio faced christian for the world heavyweight championship .
joviânia is 177 kilometer from the state capital , goiânia .
the rogue valley ava is an american viticultural area located in southern oregon .
raza island is located within electoral area c of the strathcona regional district .
west easton is a borough in northampton county , pennsylvania , united state .
warren earp moved to tombstone , as well .
penicillium chrysogenum is a specie of fungus in the genus `` penicillium '' .
cranston is a part of the providence metropolitan area .
harinavi is on the state highway 1 .
yunyarinyi started as a cattle station called kenmore park .
flat minkowski space is the simplest example of a vacuum solution .
the speaker is the presiding officer of the folketing .
effie is a city in itasca county , minnesota , united state .
newbald is a civil parish in the east riding of yorkshire , england .
east dubuque is a city in jo davy county , illinois , united state .
canterbury lies fully within the merrimack river watershed .
the bishop exchange opening is a double static rook opening .
a scout province is an administrative division within scouting ireland .
rushworth is a township in victoria , australia .
the taedong river flows southwestward through the city toward the korea bay .
an act of tynwald is a statute passed by tynwald , the parliament of the isle of man .
tachylite ( also spelled tachylyte ) is a form of basaltic volcanic glass .
the specific name means `` gracile '' in latin .
piatt county is a county in illinois .
in 2001 , cedar fair purchased michigan 's adventure for $ 28,000,000 .
acadia national park is the only national park in new england .
arthuret is a civil parish in the city of carlisle district of cumbria , england .
motherwell is a township in the eastern cape province of south africa .
charleville is a town and a locality in the shire of murweh , queensland , australia .
the madrid royal conservatory ( ) is a music college in madrid , spain .
leon is a town in love county , oklahoma , united state .
killeshin ( ) is a village in county laois , republic of ireland on the r430 regional road .
texas a & m and missouri both left the big 12 conference .
riley hill , north carolina , usa , is an unincorporated community in mideastern wake county .
spike lee produced and directed two music video for this song .
ogna is a village in hå municipality in rogaland county , norway .
cudjoe key is southwest of miami and east of key west .
the 2016 tour de france was the 103rd edition of the tour de france , one of cycling 's grand tour .
saptasajya is a village in dhenkanal district , odisha , india .
harry james recorded the song with frank sinatra on vocal .
many sound change involve change in place of articulation :
its county seat is boise city .
the islamic azad university , malard branch is a college in tehran , iran .
gjettum is a station on the kolsås line of the oslo metro .
the acura tlx was introduced in april 2014 at the new york international auto show .
hospitalbank is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
in december 1941 , hong kong fell upon the japanese invasion in the battle of hong kong .
mullingar gained considerable advantage from the development of the royal canal .
severe tropical cyclone vance devastated the northwest town of exmouth .
woodford is an area of east london in the london borough of redbridge .
the california legislative black caucus represents and advocate for the interest of black people throughout california .
north ambersham was a tithing in the chichester district of west sussex , england .
cascade river state park is also connected to the superior hiking trail .
rosman sits on the eastern boundary of pisgah national forest .
round lake beach is a northern suburb of chicago in lake county , illinois , united state .
khagaria is a part of munger division .
bordertown is the commercial and administrative centre of the tatiara district council .
æthelweard 's grandson , æthelnoth , was an eleventh-century archbishop of canterbury .
bulgaria competed at the 2004 summer paralympics in athens , greece .
fourche a renault is a stream in washington county in the u.s. state of missouri .
without genetic diversity , one disease could eradicate an entire specie .
mobile city is served by the rockwall independent school district .
refugee were placed in refugee camp .
at barton 's dojo , american dream train with freebooter and hawkeye .
key tower is a skyscraper on public square in downtown cleveland , ohio .
andre agassi defeated jiří novák by walkover
route 2 is a national route of uruguay .
zrenjanin was born in izbište .
what is now kanker district was a part of old bastar district .
diane elizabeth lewis ( lucy lawless ) is the girlfriend and eventual wife of ron swanson .
huang rong was curious but guo jing was nothing but ecstatic for yang guo .
oldcastle ( ) is a town in county meath , republic of ireland .
lilongwe is a district in the central region of malawi .
san benedetto del tronto is the southernmost coastal municipality of marche .
chadwicks wexford park is a gaa stadium in wexford , county wexford , republic of ireland .
fort amsterdam was demolished by 1790 after the american revolutionary war .
hypertension is a risk factor for chronic kidney disease and end-stage kidney disease ( eskd ) .
in `` the simpson '' episode `` the wizard of evergreen terrace , '' homer simpson writes the equation
the busch clash was run on february 10 at daytona international speedway .
the university of mysore is a public state university in mysore , karnataka , india .
cypremort point state park is located in the parish on vermilion bay .
union city is a village in darke county , ohio , united state .
near lovech are the town of pleven , troyan and teteven .
candor is a town in montgomery county , north carolina , united state .
geneseo is a city in henry county , illinois , united state .
peugeot has produced six winner of the european car of the year
castle peak road passes through the northern part of au tau .
sugarloaf township is a township in luzerne county , pennsylvania , united state .
kumaranalloor is a suburb of kottayam city , kottayam taluk , kerala , india .
this protein is a member of the white subfamily .
lehigh is a city in coal county , oklahoma , united state .
the connection form expresses the exterior covariant derivative of these basic section :
this continued until south vietnam unconditionally surrendered to north vietnam in 1975 .
san antón is one of ponce 's oldest barrio .
blackrock ( ) is a suburb of dublin , republic of ireland , northwest of dún laoghaire .
orbital cellulitis is inflammation of human eye tissue behind the orbital septum .
flovilla is located in southeastern butts county at .
poetry can be a powerful vehicle for satire .
the sharp series limit is the same as the diffuse series limit .
the indian river is a river in western new hampshire in the united state .
janata dal ( gujarat ) was a political party in gujarat , india .
victoria park is a suburban area of manchester , england .
wadenhoe is a village and civil parish in east northamptonshire .
enbridge also gather , process , and transports natural gas .
gaius antonius hybrida ( flourished 1st century bc ) was a politician of the roman republic .
liskeard was one of the 17 antiqua maneria of the duchy of cornwall .
lieutenant colonel thomas brown assumed command in augusta .
de meer stadion ( ) is the former stadium of afc ajax .
bridgeview is southwest of the chicago loop .
the raven is a common iconic figure in norse mythology .
every tree is a median graph .
juan carlos ferrero was the defending champion but lost in the third round to alberto martín .
british columbia is administratively connected to yukon .
amaq news agency credited islamic state of iraq and the levant bomber .
milner dam is a rockfill dam near burley in south central idaho .
the federal reserve summarized its monetary policy in 2005 :
agriculture pattern included terracing and irrigation .
mtr bus is available within the tuen mun district .
guar chempedak is a small town in kedah , malaysia .
silenen is a municipality in the canton of canton of uri in switzerland .
the university of central florida ( ucf ) is a public research university in unincorporated orange county , florida .
jind is also part of sonipat lok sabha constituency .
nicola pellow worked with berners-lee and robert cailliau on the www project at cern .
ansley is a village in custer county , nebraska , united state .
krusader is published under gnu general public license .
loudon is a town in merrimack county , new hampshire , united state .
mauna kea has an alpine climate .
stade français will play in the 2014–15 european rugby challenge cup .
the state highway head north out of the town of chilhowie .
achomawi speaking territory reached from big bend to goose lake .
the university of dubrovnik is the newest university in croatia .
laugardalsvöllur ( ) is iceland 's national football stadium and the home venue for the iceland national football team .
macoupin creek has been channelized near its junction with the illinois river .
augusta is a city in eau claire county , wisconsin , united state .
potok górny is a village in biłgoraj county , lublin voivodeship , in eastern poland .
the play is a farce .
chile competed at the 2006 winter olympics in turin , italy .
the economy of australia is a highly developed mixed economy .
sawyer is an unincorporated community in carlton county , minnesota , united state .
naperville is within the illinois technology and research corridor .
the 200th giant tiger store opened in nova scotia in october 2010 .
trypan blue or propidium iodide for eukaryotic cell ) .
sternatia is a railway station in sternatia , italy .
west francia was the land under the control of charles the bald .
the music video director for the music video is chris robinson .
owen sound is home to a campus of georgian college .
mark webber held the first position until neel jani in the sister no .
portsdown hill is a long chalk ridge in hampshire , england .
polk is a village in polk county , nebraska , united state .
the kanin peninsula ( ) is a large peninsula in nenets autonomous okrug , russia .
south australian champion john boulger took out the final from fellow australian billy sander and phil crump .
kiulap is one of the few commercial area in bandar seri begawan .
farmington is a town in waupaca county , wisconsin , united state .
the county of london was created from part of kent , middlesex and surrey .
`` single '' is a pop song by british singer natasha bedingfield .
ebenezer scrooge ( ) is the protagonist of charles dickens ' 1843 novella `` a christmas carol '' .
hamoir is a municipality in liège province , belgium .
drought and livestock grazing threaten the area with desertification .
celcom is the malaysian partner of the vodafone mobile community .
the toronto marlboros represented the ontario major junior hockey league at the 1975 memorial cup .
sporting cristal plays its home game at the estadio alberto gallardo .
the uruguayan football association ( — ) is the governing body of association football in uruguay .
manchuria is a region in east asia .
hoschton is located in western jackson county at .
carthage is a city in hancock county , illinois , united state .
bondoukou is near the border with ghana .
yungaburra is on the atherton tableland in far north queensland .
the batona trail passes the carranza memorial within wharton state forest .
tunisia participated in the 2004 summer paralympics in athens .
matagami ( , ) is a small town in quebec , canada .
trinidad and tobago is the uk 's largest export market in the caribbean .
oni press is an american comic book company .
bayambang is the southernmost town of the province of pangasinan .
barker road is located on the steep slope of mount gough .
phytic acid also occurs in cereal with high bran content .
delphinus is associated with two story from greek mythology .
part of bald eagle state park is in liberty township .
the forest opera played host to the first intervision song contest , between 24–27 august 1977 .
vintondale is a borough in cambria county , pennsylvania , united state .
lake worth is a city in tarrant county , texas , united state .
moose are also a very popular icon in alaska .
it is found in sumatra , peninsular malaysia and borneo .
during the mexican war of independence of 1810 to 1821 texas experienced much turmoil .
on december 3 , 1864 , sherman 's march to the sea passed through millen .
kisoro is east of rumangabo and the virunga mountains in the democratic republic of the congo ( drc ) .
ogdensburg is a borough in sussex county , new jersey , united state .
belmont is a town in pleasants county , west virginia , in the united state .
the flag of devon is the flag of the english county of devon .
fremont island is named for military leader and explorer john c. frémont .
huachuca city is located in southwestern cochise county .
internet explorer 9 requires third-party webm software .
hader is located within leon township and wanamingo township .
andre agassi defeated michael chang 7–6 , 6–4
low island are the kind of island which ring the lagoon of atoll .
kennebunk is a town in york county , maine , united state .
brian boru was a high king of ireland who founded the o'brien dynasty .
a process always exists in exactly one process state .
ahu tongariki ( ) is the largest ahu on easter island ( rapa nui ) .
san diego city college ( city college or city ) is a public community college in san diego , california .
`` banksia brunnea '' grows in kwongan between albany , the stirling range and the fitzgerald river national park .
kiltartan is a barony and civil parish in county galway , republic of ireland .
ellport is a borough in lawrence county , pennsylvania , united state .
dugo selo is a town in zagreb county , croatia .
in tuva , shamanism peacefully coexists with buddhism .
the north carolina naval militia is the inactive naval militia of north carolina .
this sanctuary shows a strong romanesque architecture influence .
the r445 road is a regional road in republic of ireland .
typhoon isa later dropped light rainfall on the island of rota .
coedffranc is a village in the county borough of neath port talbot , wale .
464 squadron flew de havilland mosquito light bomber as part of no .
johnstown is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
the canadian oxford dictionary is a dictionary of canadian english .
in the year 1837-1839 zimnicea became the capital of teleorman county .
the confederate iron brigade was part of the division , commanded by brig .
june lake is a census-designated place in mono county , california .
swan transit is an australian bus company operating service in perth under contract to transperth .
strathcona county is a specialized municipality in central alberta , canada between edmonton and elk island national park .
villa del bosco borders the following municipality : curino , lozzolo , roasio , sostegno .
southshore is an eastern suburb within christchurch , new zealand .
capodrise borders the following municipality : marcianise , portico di caserta , recale , san marco evangelista , san nicola la strada .
the meradong district is located in sarikei division , sarawak , malaysia .
caraquet bay flows into the caraquet river and the du nord river
cologne is the seat of the roman catholic archdiocese of cologne .
the royal agricultural university ( rau ) is a university in cirencester , gloucestershire , england .
sülze belongs to the low german language area and the northern low saxon dialect group .
following operation desert storm , the 1st infantry division returned to fort riley .
dalston is a civil parish in the city of carlisle district of cumbria , england .
some primary care service are delivered within hospital .
thanjavur became the capital of the imperial chola dynasty .
he helped amani toomer become one of the best wide receiver in giant history .
bukit beruang is a populated place in tutong district , brunei .
idarucizumab is the international nonproprietary name ( inn ) .
kanata ( , ) is a major suburb of ottawa , ontario .
the 50th meridian east form a great circle with the 130th meridian west .
bermondsey spa garden is a park in bermondsey , london .
guan yu reunited with liu bei around this time .
this algorithm is a randomized version of kruskal 's algorithm .
aluminium combine characteristic of pre- and post-transition metal .
nj transit provides bus service on the 409 route between trenton and philadelphia .
clay regazzoni finished second for the scuderia ferrari team and team lotus driver jacky ickx .
next , mikey whipwreck defended the ecw world television championship against chad austin .
big butte creek is a tributary of the rogue river in the u.s. state of oregon .
kinarut is under the administration of the papar district .
the western international hockey league played an interleague schedule with the alberta senior hockey league .
the premier of yukon is the first minister for the canadian territory of yukon .
democratic socialist party is a democratic socialist political party in india .
fort stewart is located along the canoochee river .
trinity also appears in `` the animatrix '' and the matrix comic .
at the critical point , the liquid and gas become indistinguishable .
orinda is a city in contra costa county , california , united state .
sturgeon township is a township in saint louis county , minnesota , united state .
takapuna grammar school is in belmont , to the southeast of takapuna .
functional programming is an active area of research in the field of programming language theory .
bassenthwaite is part of the parliamentary constituency of workington .
david adam and andrei olhovskiy were the defending champion but only olhovskiy competed that year with patrick galbraith .
william rice was a direct descendant of edmund rice , an english immigrant to massachusetts bay colony , as follows :
new salem township is located in mcdonough county , illinois .
fort fisher was a confederate fort during the american civil war .
old college is a building of the university of edinburgh , scotland .
vyshny volochyok ( ) is a town in tver oblast , russia .
rurka kalan lies on the jandiala-goraya road , west of goraya .
spirit lake is a city in kootenai county , idaho .
he played at the 1995 rugby world cup final and the 2003 rugby world cup final .
monarcha is a genus of bird in the family monarchidae .
emi has reissued that recording on compact disc .
blaney ( ) is a small village and townland in county fermanagh , northern ireland .
brian aldiss referred to well as the `` shakespeare of science fiction '' .
the traditional group de dannan were based in galway .
peebles township was a township in allegheny county , pennsylvania .
santa clarita ( ) is a city in northwestern los angeles county , california .
in the california state legislature , ontario is in , and in .
zarqa ( ) is the capital of zarqa governorate in jordan .
jalan tanjung ipoh-senaling ( negeri sembilan state route n24 ) is a major road in negeri sembilan , malaysia .
his 2016 arrest was the most serious on his criminal record .
crystal is a city in hennepin county , minnesota , united state .
kingston is a coastal town in plymouth county , massachusetts , united state .
faith is also a factor in life and death .
the saskatchewan hockey association is a branch of hockey canada .
the minaret resembles a pagoda .
leipsic is a village in putnam county , ohio , united state .
to the north , the fjord opens into the lincoln sea .
areva built the twin unit of the koeberg nuclear power plant .
ratlam is a – category railway station of western railway zone of indian railway .
the serpent was one of the most important animal totem .
nmda receptor activation ( by glutamate ) enhances postsynaptic nitric oxide synthase .
cartesian product also have an alternate topology , the box topology .
unawatuna is a coastal town in galle district of sri lanka .
news on kdzn comes from cbs .
mosholu parkway leads to southern boulevard and the new york botanical garden .
great hatfield is a village in the east riding of yorkshire , england in an area known as holderness .
frankstown township is a township in blair county , pennsylvania , united state .
the atrato river flows into the gulf of urabá .
this protein contains a domain of unknown function duf4201 .
mitchell is a city in wheeler county , oregon , united state .
james ford owned a considerable number of slave in kentucky .
manganese ( vii ) oxide ( manganese heptoxide ) is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula mno .
hyde park is the largest royal park in central london .
farrar is an outer eastern suburb of palmerston .
chongqing is a focus city of air china and hainan airline .
the kesagami river flows via the harricana river to james bay .
sandersville is a town in jones county , mississippi , united state .
porphyry also wrote about homer .
as well as his son abel , his grandson samuel george smith was a member of parliament .
stu cook and doug `` cosmo '' clifford were both former member of creedence clearwater revival .
cbssn and nbcsn are available nationally on dish network and directv .
laurance m. hyde was a chief justice of the missouri supreme court .
the manheim central school district is a school district in lancaster county , pennsylvania .
hyde street is an iconic street in san francisco , california .
boone county is a county in the u.s. state of missouri .
berkeley county school is the operating school district within berkeley county , west virginia .
marine biology is the scientific study of marine life , organism in the sea .
the oval is the home ground of surrey county cricket club .
cataula is an unincorporated community in harris county , georgia , united state .
drinagh ( ) is a village in county cork , republic of ireland .
tirur is the headquarters of the malayalam research centre .
the teatro monumental is the concert venue of the rtve symphony orchestra .
colipase is also a family of evolutionarily related protein .
grizzly bear are well-documented catching leaping salmon in their mouth at brook fall in katmai national park and preserve in alaska .
venice is a city in madison county , illinois , united state .
la joya is a city in hidalgo county , texas .
rani is a city in pali district in indian state of rajasthan .
sun kuang was the fourth son of the warlord sun jian and his wife lady wu .
cedar creek township is one of eleven township in lake county , indiana .
stanley is a town in custer county , idaho , united state .
the sulaimankhel are one of the largest ghilji pashtun subtribes .
joseph smith never identified himself as a danite .
west derby ( ) is a suburb of liverpool , england .
yale is a ghost town in itawamba county , mississippi , united state .
bath lies fully within the connecticut river watershed .
hong kong police force have two rank for assistant commissioner :
železarnica stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in skopje , north macedonia .
homedale is a city in owyhee county idaho .
altenmarkt an der alz is a municipality in the district of traunstein in bavaria , germany .
port de grave is a peninsula on conception bay ( cb ) in newfoundland and labrador , canada .
carbamazepine is a sodium channel blocker .
amittai ( ; ; ; ) was the father of the prophet jonah .
semarang is the capital and largest city of central java province in indonesia .
many pressurized gas are actually supercritical fluid .
famciclovir is the diacetyl ester prodrug of penciclovir .
childrenite forms a solid solution series with eosphorite .
little sister 's book and art emporium is a bookstore in vancouver , bc that sells gay and lesbian-related literature .
bradford west gwillimbury and the neighbouring town of innisfil share the south simcoe police service .
evansville is a member of the missouri valley conference
the earliest aramaic alphabet was based on the phoenician alphabet .
a chaplet is a form of christian prayer which uses prayer bead .
hudson is a town in caldwell county , north carolina , united state .
polwarth is a mainly residential area of edinburgh , scotland .
new york saw protest in manhattan and mineola .
blanchard township took its name from the blanchard river .
el arenal is a neighbourhood in the historical centre of seville , the casco antiguo .
ingleside is an unincorporated community in queen anne 's county , maryland , united state .
haile selassie sailed from djibouti in the british cruiser .
reedy is a town in roane county , west virginia , united state .
simpang renggam or sisi khoo is a town in kluang district , johor , malaysia .
gullfaxi is a horse in norse mythology .
the university of missouri school of law ( mizzou law or mu law ) is the law school of the university of missouri .
pittsburg state university is located in pittsburg .
fairmount is a city in gordon county , georgia , united state .
mcgregor is a city in clayton county , iowa , united state .
luke williamson played 16 game for the northern eagle in the 2002 nrl season .
trezzone borders the following municipality : gera lario , montemezzo , vercana .
the granite that forms mount whitney is part of the sierra nevada batholith .
sheldwich elects two representative to swale borough council , currently :
exposure therapy is the recommended treatment for phobic anxiety disorder .
peshtigo took its name from the nearby peshtigo river .
franklin harbor marine park is a marine park in spencer gulf in south australia .
cao cao agreed and prepared for a campaign against liu biao .
landfill gas have an influence on climate change .
other roller skating sport include jam skating and roller derby .
pyhtää ( ) is a municipality of finland .
the larva feed on `` rhododendron columbianum '' .
the manor independent school district serves the city of manor .
ilham aliyev has built a relationship with the russian orthodox church .
they found that neuroticism was the strongest predictor of life satisfaction .
general salgado is a municipality in the state of são paulo , brazil .
the 1932 giro d'italia was the 20th edition of the giro d'italia , one of cycling 's grand tour .
st cross college has accommodation in 2 bradmore road .
kilbrannan sound is the western arm of the firth of clyde
the international rose test garden is a rose garden in washington park in portland , oregon , united state .
jermaine dupri and manuel seal produced the song and wrote it with ashanti .
his astrological sign is scorpio .
the mahants were ousted from the gurdwara and the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee appointed a managing committee .
his older brother aaron shingler is a wales international rugby union player .
for him , tautology is the highest realm of thought .
contact binary are often rubble pile but distinct from real binary system such as binary asteroid .
wonju airport is an airport in hoengseong county , gangwon province , south korea .
briargrove is in texas 's 7th congressional district .
dovray is a city in murray county , minnesota , united state .
programming language are used in computer programming to implement algorithm .
killaloe ( ; ) is a civil parish in county clare , ireland .
the sequatchie river passes through the eastern section of pikeville .
in 1999 , telemedia acquired cjmx from the pelmorex radio network as well .
most country club have golf facility .
andrea strnadová defeated meredith mcgrath , 6–2 , 6–3
peppermint has a high menthol content .
franklin street is a prominent thoroughfare in chapel hill , north carolina .
the muslim council of sweden ( , smr ) is an umbrella organisation of islamic organisation in sweden .
sonoma is a city in sonoma county , california in sonoma valley .
ivan lendl defeated scott davis 3–6 , 6–3 , 6–4
rio arriba county is a county in the u.s. state of new mexico .
sun jun led the support force with liu zan and lü ju .
clonkill is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
`` mind 's eye '' is a song by australian hard rock band wolfmother .
tiwi is a northern suburb of the city of darwin , northern territory , australia .
the former gotō domain is now part of gotō city , nagasaki prefecture .
reade township is a township in cambria county , pennsylvania , united state .
cougar is an unincorporated community and former town in cowlitz county , washington .
the baltimore and ohio railroad later connected this portion of washington county to downtown .
ålesund airport is located on the island of vigra .
colloidal quantum dot are also used in inorganic/organic hybrid solar cell .
quaker city is a village in guernsey county , ohio , united state .
equity is concerned mainly with trust and equitable remedy .
la galaxy is one of the ten founding team in major league soccer .
in contrast to transitive verb , some verb take zero object .
theatre of tragedy is the first studio album by the norwegian gothic metal band theatre of tragedy .
bob taylor is a politician in the canadian province of ontario .
historically religious private school in ecorse , river rouge , and taylor served allen park resident .
hrushikesh naik is a politician from odisha , india .
the 1995–96 nba season was the buck ' 28th season in the national basketball association .
pipefish are true fish .
the fugue is also in b minor and is in 3/8 .
thor has appeared or been mentioned in several storyline of the ultimate fantastic four .
solid oxide fuel cell often use complex oxide material as their electrolyte , anode , and cathode .
thessaloniki is a popular tourist destination in greece .
chicago is an american rock band from chicago , illinois .
copernicium has no stable or naturally occurring isotope .
lekwa-teemane local municipality is a local municipality in dr ruth segomotsi mompati district municipality , north west province , south africa .
monel is a solid-solution binary alloy .
the interurban trail is a rail trail in snohomish county , washington .
tarong power station is the major employer in the south burnett region .
prnjavor ( kalesija ) is a village in the municipality of kalesija , bosnia and herzegovina .
pluto later allied with ulik and loki against thor .
the protein encoded by this gene is the largest subunit of the origin recognition complex .
marcus vipsanius agrippa completed the saepta julia and dedicated it in honor of augustus .
france was the fourth de facto nuclear power after united state , soviet union and united kingdom .
the 1983 giro d'italia was the 66th edition of the giro d'italia , one of cycling 's grand tour .
marehra is a state legislative assembly constituency of uttar pradesh .
a second ancient monument is also in ambleston community .
solar time is a calculation of the passage of time based on the position of the sun in the sky .
mahvelat county ( ) is a county in razavi khorasan province in iran .
the louis delhaize group has seven cora throughout wallonia and brussels .
in 2015 , the washington open dropped out of the us open series .
adenine readily binds uracil or thymine .
udumbanchola is a taluk in idukki district of kerala state in india .
the north platte river was the preferred route towards fort laramie and casper , wyoming .
until 1873 , the french franc circulated on new caledonia .
masada ( ) is a kibbutz in northern israel .
the hertz is defined as one cycle per second .
lee petty would retire from nascar after this race .
iced coffee is also regularly available in most coffee shop .
deep creek is a long tributary of the great salt lake .
on september 27 , 1849 , the androscoggin and kennebec railroad opened to waterville .
450 tactical helicopter squadron is a royal canadian air force helicopter squadron .
most motorcycle use a sequential manual transmission .
air jamaica was headquartered in kingston .
guysborough county is a county in the canadian province of nova scotia .
tamworth is a market town and borough in staffordshire , england .
is a village in ariyalur district , tamil nadu , india .
test cricket is the longest form of cricket .
contemporary to bach , christoph graupner and georg philipp telemann were composer of chorale cantata .
washington township is one of ten township in daviess county , indiana .
the other main route neural crest cell take is dorsolaterally between the epidermis and the dermamyotome .
benidipine is a calcium channel blocker .
clarksville is a city in johnson county , arkansas , united state .
wonder lake is a village in mchenry county , illinois , united state .
microsoft research ( msr ) is the research subsidiary of microsoft .
the royal navy captured her in 1794 at the battle of the glorious first of june .
point group describe symmetry in molecular chemistry .
it is found in ivory coast , central ghana and cameroon .
little wolf surrendered in march 1879 at fort keogh in montana .
lexington has a branch of the lexington county library .
phytoplankton require a variety of nutrient .
mario ančić defeated jan hernych 6–0 , 5–7 , 7–5
mill basin is a residential neighborhood in southeastern brooklyn , new york city .
the rugby rural district was a former rural district in warwickshire , england .
edealina is a municipality in central-south goiás state , brazil .
polkowice ( ) is a town in south-western poland .
the m2 is a major highway in johannesburg , south africa .
sergio casal defeated jimmy arias 3–6 , 6–3 , 6–2
roger federer defeated jarkko nieminen 6–1 , 6–4
srivilliputhur andal temple is the most popular landmark of srivilliputhur .
pietrasanta was at its height a part of the republic of genoa ( 1316–1328 ) .
bu'ale is also the capital of middle juba region .
latvia has an embassy in helsinki .
malmö redhawks were relegated to hockeyallsvenskan .
the hudson 's bay company , sears canada , and zellers all took market share from eaton 's .
mount sutro is a hill in central san francisco , california .
pace high school belongs to the santa rosa county school district .
centennial park became an important recreation site for white of nashville .
an air compressor is a specific type of gas compressor .
behind the brainstem is the cerebellum ( ) .
otter tail county comprises the fergus falls micropolitan statistical area .
gurney plaza is a shopping mall in george town , penang , malaysia .
lake needwood is a reservoir in derwood , maryland , united state .
a record is a collection of related field .
sheree fitch and her husband now live in river john , nova scotia .
lyja instead seduced johnny storm , the human torch .
zduńska wola is the main railway station for the town of zduńska wola , łódź voivodeship .
sheffield has two university , the university of sheffield and sheffield hallam university .
both sand and silt are mostly inert rock particle , including quartz , calcite , feldspar and mica .
tabriz county ( ) is a county in east azerbaijan province of iran .
bagore-ki-haveli is a haveli in udaipur in rajasthan state in india .
kuala sedili is a town in kota tinggi district , johor , malaysia .
espn also distributed the game on espn radio , espn deportes , and espn deportes radio .
scottish development international promotes the edinburgh science triangle abroad .
the 2012 australian football league afl final series determined the winner of the 2012 afl season .
he played four match at the 2003 rugby world cup final and two match the 2007 rugby world cup final .
cortland is a comprehensive college within the state university of new york system .
sayri túpac never returned to vilcabamba .
arthur ashe / tom okker defeated paolo bertolucci / adriano panatta 7–5 , 6–1
south bedfordshire was a non-metropolitan district in bedfordshire , england .
formerly both bridge were drawbridge .
oslo museum is now headquartered at frogner manor .
cyril suk / daniel vacek defeated steve devries / david macpherson , 7–5 , 6–4
chibougamau lake is the main head lake of chibougamau river .
jatin sarker ( born 1 september 1938 ) is a bengali intellectual , researcher and biographer of bangladesh .
lampertheim is a town in the bergstraße district in hesse , germany .
eccleshall is a civil parish in the borough of stafford , staffordshire , england .
pulaski is a town in pulaski county , virginia , united state .
tekirdağ province ( , ) is a province of turkey .
the following 31 school district were currently identified as abbott district :
burhanpur district is a district of madhya pradesh state in central india .
wakemup is located within the kabetogama state forest .
iron man defeats nighthawk .
upper talbotstown ( ) is a barony in county wicklow , republic of ireland .
behind rumor , usher refuted in an interview with mtv news :
raiatea airport ( also known as uturoa airport ) is an airport on raiatea , french polynesia .
insulin resistance is a common feature of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes .
in the iwgp intercontinental championship match , hiroshi tanahashi defended the title against jay white .
nordstrom closed in 2015 and reopened as von maur in 2016 .
gifhorn ( ) is a district in lower saxony , germany .
stendal is also part of the altmark cycle path .
meana di susa borders the municipality of susa , gravere , mattie , usseaux , and fenestrelle .
an organic compound may consist of many isomer .
the leopon is a hybrid between a lion and leopard .
thorn ( toruń ) and elbing ( elbląg ) were the main city in royal prussia after danzig .
vice president richard nixon visited south vietnam .
victoria azarenka defeated samantha stosur , 6–1 , 6–2
the red army operation uranus turned the tide in the battle of stalingrad .
sale is part of the roman catholic diocese of shrewsbury , and the church of england diocese of chester .
the university of west bohemia ( , zču ) is a university in pilsen , czech republic .
google actively promotes webp .
garuda indonesia is the flag carrier of indonesia .
david pearson defeated fireball robert by more than two lap for his first nascar cup series victory .
a house like a lotus ( ) is a 1984 young adult novel by madeleine l'engle .
the common ostrich belongs to the ratite order struthioniformes .
`` financial news '' provides news on investment banking , security , and asset management .
landscape engineering is the application of mathematics and science to shape land and waterscape .
kumi district is a district in the eastern region of uganda .
ganymede is the largest moon in the solar system .
carroll township is a second class township in perry county , pennsylvania , united state .
pashan is suburb of pune , india .
bob hewitt / frew mcmillan defeated karl meiler / charlie pasarell 7–5 , 6–1
the national wrestling hall of fame and museum is a museum and hall of fame for amateur wrestling , headquartered in stillwater , oklahoma .
smythesdale is a town in victoria , australia .
marinha grande ( ) is a municipality in the leiria district , portugal .
k-128 also connects to the national highway system at its junction with us-24 .
mahanoy area school district serves the borough and mahanoy township .
thunder run design was originally intended for americana amusement park .
swabia creek then runs north to alburtis through lock ridge park .
walvis bay is one of many tourism activity center of namibia .
musicology is the scholarly study of music .
lucas arnold and luis lobo were the defending champion but only arnold competed that year with mariano hood .
the classmate pc is a reference design by intel .
consequently , adaptive technology is a subset of assistive technology .
northumberland is a borough in northumberland county , pennsylvania , united state .
juan ignacio chela defeated albert costa 6–1 , 7–6
hubble township is one of ten township in cape girardeau county , missouri , usa .
songket is a type of brocade in the malay world .
in 1526 the duchy of teschen became a part of the habsburg monarchy .
quarterback matt schaub started in place of michael vick .
the southern oklahoma aulacogen contains numerous igneous rock .
hassel sound separates amund ringnes island from ellef ringnes island .
darren morgan won in the final 2–1 against steve davis .
neuroinflammation is associated with increased rate of neurodegeneration .
the tollcross international swimming centre is a swimming pool and leisure centre in glasgow .
empress dowager hu thereafter became grand empress dowager .
ralph fletcher was part-owner in the ladyshore colliery .
van coke kartel is an afrikaans alternative rock band from bellville , near cape town , south africa .
the pungwe river also originates on mount nyangani .
albert street is an arterial road in regina , saskatchewan .
bloomfield township is a township in crawford county , pennsylvania , united state .
achill island is connected to the peninsula via the michael davitt bridge .
all cardinal are of the latin church unless otherwise stated .
drury lane is a thoroughfare bordering covent garden in london .
brutus was within the central new york military tract .
kalandia is the main checkpoint between the northern west bank and jerusalem .
the smoky river is a river in western alberta , canada .
aero force one is a significant part of aerosmith .
beverley is a western suburb of adelaide , south australia .
estrogen have various contraindication .
prescot is a civil parish in metropolitan borough of knowsley , merseyside , england .
otto von bismarck himself resisted the adhesion of baden to the north german confederation .
penn township is also part of the turtle creek ( monongahela river tributary ) .
today hydro tasmania is australia 's largest generator of renewable energy .
snyder county was named for governor simon snyder of selinsgrove .
walker is a city in linn county , iowa .
red willow county lies on the south line of nebraska .
the playstation portable release scored 82/100 on metacritic .
indian classical music is the classical music of the indian subcontinent .
euronext lisbon is a stock exchange in lisbon , portugal .
moreton is part of the metropolitan borough of wirral , in the metropolitan county of merseyside .
in 1979 , president jimmy carter awarded leith with the national medal of science for his research .
roja is the debut soundtrack album of music composer a. r. rahman , featuring lyric by vairamuthu .
in december 1915 , the 21st brigade transferred to the 30th division .
shardlow later became the head office site of the trent and mersey canal .
232 operational conversion unit was an operational conversion unit of the royal air force which existed between 1955 and 1986
harris city academy crystal palace is a mixed-sex secondary school in croydon , south london , england .
porcelain and other ceramic are common material for figurine .
ala moana beach park is a favorite among honolulu resident .
the white wolf fault was the source of the 1952 kern county earthquake on july 21 ( m=7.3 ) .
mawlamyine is the main gateway to south eastern myanmar .
burlington is located in north-central boone county .
david hill is the younger brother of the rugby league footballer cliff hill .
liga veneta won for the first time seat in the italian parliament .
rana is a municipality in nordland county , norway .
schuylkill county ( , ) is a county in the commonwealth of pennsylvania .
hanuman becomes a central character in the ramayana .
in 2019 , the american league cy young award winner was justin verlander .
bologna centrale is a railway station in bologna , italy .
aleksandra wozniak was the defending champion , but lost to daniela hantuchová in the first round .
littledean is a village in the forest of dean , west gloucestershire , england .
`` personal jesus '' is a song by english electronic music band depeche mode .
alberton , like port adelaide , is rich in historical significance .
samos was first launched in 1960 from vandenberg air force base .
lieutenant general nathan bedford forrest surrendered on may 9 at gainesville , alabama .
north kansas city is a city in clay county , missouri , united state .
delta is a city in keokuk county , iowa , united state .
chapleau ojibway first nation is member of wabun tribal council , a regional tribal council affiliated with the nishnawbe aski nation .
in the california state legislature , greenville is in , and .
continental is a village in putnam county , ohio , united state .
washington township is located in will county , illinois .
the forbidden city remains important in the civic scheme of beijing .
gervais is a city in marion county , oregon , united state .
mission township is located in lasalle county , illinois .
a food web model is a network of food chain .
wakefield is an incorporated town in sussex county , virginia , united state .
holt park was a joint effort between the leeds city council and norman ashton .
football canada is the governing body for amateur canadian football .
dragon play a significant role in greek mythology .
cash has now become a very small part of the money supply .
on august 15 , 1970 , british columbia premier w. a. c. bennett officially opened the yellowhead highway .
22 october 2015 the holy synod of the russian orthodox church appoints tikhon to be a vicar of moscow eparchy .
the elevated airtrain jfk people mover system connects jfk to the new york city subway and the long island rail road .
ionia is a city in chickasaw county , iowa , united state .
the handball federation of slovenia ( ) is the national team handball association of slovenia .
laurel is just a short drive from hattiesburg , meridian , and jackson , mississippi .
ma chengyuan was born in 1927 in shanghai .
tomáš berdych defeated juan martín del potro , 6–1 , 6–4
kirtan sohila is a night prayer in sikhism .
isara was part of former isara tocha woreda .
san hing tsuen ( ) is a village in lam tei , tuen mun district , hong kong .
the lake is also the source of the north fork middle fork willamette river .
the 39th battalion was an infantry unit of the australian army .
sheepridge is situated between brackenhall , deighton and fartown .
at the time of the us patent , rancho santa rosa was a part of san diego county .
kilgarvan is a village in southeast county kerry near the cork boundary .
ellijay is a city in gilmer county , georgia , united state .
the nave and chancel have barrel roof .
23rd street is a local metro station on the bmt broadway line of the new york city subway .
irlam is a village in the city of salford , greater manchester , england .
tura airport is a small airport in krasnoyarsk krai , russia located northeast of tura .
sümeg ( ) is a town in veszprém county , hungary .
avilla is a rural village in jasper county , missouri , united state .
the fort washington state park is a site located in the middle of the township , along the wissahickon creek .
from 1918 to 1921 , mingrelia was part of the democratic republic of georgia ( drg ) .
ottawa south ( ) is a federal electoral district in ottawa , ontario , canada .
the broadway is the main retail shopping facility in bradford .
male toad possess a bidder 's organ .
the new jersey turnpike passes through cherry hill township .
on its part , quebec city is home to capitole de québec and grand théâtre de québec .
the state border guard service of ukraine includes the ukrainian sea guard ( the country 's coast guard ) .
07th expansion produced two dōjin visual novel based on the manga .
syntax highlighting is available in atom , coda , emacs , textmate , vim and visual studio code .
carolingian minuscule was created partly under the patronage of charlemagne .
caraglio borders the following municipality : bernezzo , busca , cervasca , cuneo , dronero , montemale di cuneo , valgrana .
hopewell is a borough in bedford county , pennsylvania , united state .
the shire of eacham was a local government area of queensland .
the lisu people are numerous in mongmit , hsipaw , kyaukme , namhsam , namhpaka , kutkai , namtu , lashio , hopang , tangyan , and kokang of northern shan state .
brittany thus became a hotbed of resistance to the french revolution .
velorex was a manufacturing cooperative in solnice , czechoslovakia .
consequently , tabubil is the richest and most well served settlement in western papua new guinea .
shade township is a township in somerset county , pennsylvania , united state .
by drainage basin area , the largest tributary are :
towanda township is a township in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
elmwood park is a village in cook county , illinois , united state .
petey williams faced chris sabin in the second match .
porpoise and river dolphin rarely lobtail , but it is a very common phenomenon amongst oceanic dolphin .
luca della robbia ( , , ; 1399/1400–1482 ) was an italian sculptor from florence .
terre haute is southwest of indianapolis and within of chicago , st. louis , louisville , and cincinnati .
dong zhuo then puts hua xiong in charge .
perl has no boolean data type .
alexandria university ( ) is a public university in alexandria , egypt .
dutse is the capital of jigawa state of nigeria .
conneautville is a borough in crawford county , pennsylvania , along conneaut creek .
ma bufang controlled the great dongguan mosque .
many other thermodynamic process will result in a change in volume .
ernest bennett won cap ( s ) for yorkshire while at wakefield trinity .
the pacific crest trail , which runs from mexico to canada , goes through agua dulce .
paes and radek štěpánek won in the final 6–0 , 6–3 , against gastón etlis and martín rodríguez .
`` the fusilli jerry '' is the 107th episode of the sitcom `` seinfeld '' .
the petrie museum of egyptian archaeology and the grant museum of zoology are at university college london in gower street .
ansel franklin hall was a naturalist for the national park service .
toad appears in the various mario sport game .
pistachio is also a flavor of sorbet and gelato .
ponoka is a town in central alberta , canada .
metrotech center is a business and educational center in downtown brooklyn , new york city .
kenosha is on the southwestern shore of lake michigan .
green bay , center , is the seat of brown county .
neville longbottom is a fictional character in j. k. rowling 's `` harry potter '' book series .
as with most maharastrian brahmin community , deshastha brahmin are vegetarian .
in 2011 during the syrian civil war , syrian opposition force captured thousand of the stored rifle .
tommie williams is an american politician from the state of georgia .
the movement is in an abridged sonata form .
for the costa rica 2011 census , alajuelita had a population of inhabitant .
abraham buford was a member of the society of the cincinnati of the state of virginia .
montgomery county comprises the amsterdam , ny micropolitan statistical area .
brentwood is a city in contra costa county , california , united state .
stark county is part of the dickinson , nd micropolitan statistical area .
slidre is the administrative centre of vestre slidre innlandet county , municipality , norway .
brookston is located on the northern edge of the fond du lac indian reservation .
the operculum is flat inside with four whorl .
`` smc1a '' also takes part in dna repair .
northfield is a town in merrimack county , new hampshire , united state .
karan ( sunny deol ) is a criminal working for gajraj chaudhry ( amrish puri ) .
gnarrenburg belonged to the prince-archbishopric of bremen .
the fuselage tapered rearward to a mid set tailplane and fin .
honey creek is a stream in sauk county , wisconsin , united state .
the moneton were a historical native american tribe from west virginia .
dawn has also orbited the former dwarf planet vesta .
the king mackerel is an example of a larger mackerel .
motithang is a north-western district of thimphu .
the akkadian empire ruled from central mesopotamia .
saidpur is a town of nilphamari district in bangladesh , part of the rangpur division .
the bird is in the monotypic genus mystacornis .
fjord line is also a ferry operator between sandefjord and strømstad .
farnworth is a town and an unparished area in the metropolitan borough of bolton , greater manchester , england .
in 1968 , the pennsylvania railroad merged with long time rival new york central railroad , to form penn central transportation company .
prior to reclamation , siu sai wan was a small bay east of chai wan .
the thomas j. watson research center is the headquarters for ibm research .
private martinez received the medal of honor posthumously .
ipartment ( ; pinyin : àiqíng gōngyù ) , is a sitcom from mainland china .
centerville is a town in hickman county , tennessee , united state .
ansty was part of the county of the city of coventry until that county was dissolved in 1842 .
michael starke played litchfield 's son jerry morton .
glendale is located in the southeastern san fernando valley .
richard scott was the first quaker in providence .
kevin han was first place in seven single and three double u.s. national badminton championship .
recorded breeding seabird specie include pacific gull and caspian tern .
kingdom of nepal was formed in 1768 , by unification of nepal .
the association football club fc sion play in the swiss super league .
this enzyme participates in benzoate degradation via hydroxylation .
in 1999 , both jcpenney and dillard 's relocated to nearby sunrise mall .
the regiment was part of the 3rd infantry division .
electromagnetic radiation consists of coupled electric and magnetic field .
gull lake is a large lake in central alberta , canada .
the flag was first adopted in 1949 after crown colony of penang became a component state of the federation of malaya .
croydon lies fully within the connecticut river watershed .
rue monnot ( ) , is a street in beirut , lebanon .
the bound brook school district serves student in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade .
spindale is a town in rutherford county , north carolina , united state .
mark keil and jeff tarango were the defending champion but only tarango competed that year with david ekerot .
wallpaper group are collection of symmetry group .
molecular solid are typically insulator with large band gap .
geneva is a city in freeborn county , minnesota , united state .
east godavari is a district in the coastal andhra region of andhra pradesh , india .
chibombo district is a district of central province , zambia .
magadh division is an administrative geographical unit of bihar state of india .
wim de vries lentsch is the son of willem de vries lentsch .
los angeles dodger manager tommy lasorda complained to the umpire and youppi !
the lieutenant governor of south carolina is the second-in-command to the governor of south carolina .
china bid for the 2014 summer youth olympics with the city of nanjing .
the destroyer operated out of san pedro bay for the remainder of 1944 .
cultural diplomacy is also a component of public diplomacy .
pedee is an unincorporated community in polk county , oregon , united state .
in november 1978 , faces drummer kenney jones joined the who .
shiloh is a borough in cumberland county , new jersey , united state .
threshold graph are a special case of cographs , split graph , and trivially perfect graph .
jeonju university ( jj ) is a private christian university in south korea .
strasburg is a village in tuscarawas county , ohio , united state .
honey brook is a borough in chester county , pennsylvania , united state .
peduncle are about the same length as petiole .
pilesgrove township also borders gloucester county .
thus , liu bei broke with his supervisor tian kai for tao qian .
pennington lies between ulverston , rosside and lindal .
the novel is actually a story within a story .
two streetcar route , 503 kingston rd and 502 downtowner , serve kingston road .
the eastern interconnection is one of the two major alternating-current ( ac ) electrical grid in north america .
the luzon montane forest mouse was the first specie of `` apomys '' ever to be discovered .
liberty is a borough in allegheny county , pennsylvania , united state .
molalla is a city in clackamas county , oregon .
west middlesex is one of the oldest locality in mercer county .
hc gks katowice is a professional ice hockey team in katowice , poland .
atherstone is a market town and civil parish in north warwickshire , warwickshire , england .
the 4th tank regiment was a unit of the imperial japanese army in world war ii .
the robotic lunar probe luna 9 , luna 13 , surveyor 1 and surveyor 3 landed in oceanus procellarum .
thanjavur is a lok sabha ( parliament of india ) constituency in tamil nadu .
wąchock abbey is one of the most valuable example of polish romanesque architecture .
the division of oxley is an australian electoral division in queensland .
monroe is a city in sevier county , utah , united state .
big dan mine is an abandoned underground mine in northeastern ontario , canada .
golda meir represented mandatory palestine as an observer .
type metal is an alloy of lead , tin , and antimony .
shasta lake is the largest reservoir in california .
the dome rises above a square bay .
in 1906 the pacific electric rail car arrived in monrovia .
methanogenesis in microbe is a form of anaerobic respiration .
interstate 94 provides access to madison and milwaukee .
church preen is part of the shrewsbury and atcham parliamentary constituency .
the new zealand maritime museum hui te ananui a tangaroa is a maritime museum in auckland , new zealand .
buckingham fountain was constructed in 1927 in grant park .
as part of the mobile county public school system , baker high school conforms to a uniform policy .
lawrence creek is a town in creek county , oklahoma , united state .
wasserbillig is the administrative seat of the commune of mertert .
lviv was one of the host city of uefa euro 2012 .
dasatinib is an atp-competitive protein tyrosine kinase inhibitor .
faisalabad district is part of faisalabad division .
`` hokey wolf '' replaced his segment on `` the huckleberry hound show '' .
maquinna 's captive john r. jewitt wrote of wickaninnish .
martina hingis defeated arantxa sánchez vicario 6–3 , 6–3
mount mckay is above lake superior and above sea level .
lac qui parle county is on the west side of minnesota .
mukurweini constituency comprises mukurweini division of nyeri county .
mark williams won in the final , 10–6 , against ding junhui .
nationwide league restructuring by the rfu ahead of the 2009–10 season saw london 3 south west renamed as london 2 south west .
harar also dominated trade in shewa .
penguin have both feather and blubber .
donington park is a site near castle donington in north west leicestershire , england .
other related opioid antagonist include nalodeine and samidorphan .
silverton is a city in marion county , oregon , united state .
cranford is a township in union county , new jersey , located southwest of manhattan .
the 2008 wnba season was the tenth season for the minnesota lynx .
fairfield township is located in the northwest corner of essex county .
madame hydra then shot viper to death .
rehoboth is an unincorporated community in mckinley county , new mexico , united state .
a place to land is the third studio album by american country music group little big town .
the elbe lateral canal ( ; ) , is a long canal in lower saxony , germany .
bishopton is north-west of glasgow airport .
strathcona is a city in roseau county , minnesota , united state .
glassonby is a civil parish in the eden district , cumbria , england .
the serranía del baudó range extends along colombia 's pacific coast and into panama .
chloride channel are a superfamily of poorly understood ion channel specific for chloride .
fairmount township is home to ricketts glen state park .
antonius felix was procurator of judaea under claudius .
according to it , both iodame and athena were daughter of itonus .
orotic acid is a pyrimidinedione and a carboxylic acid .
wyanett township is a township in isanti county , minnesota , united state .
the rocky mountain elk is the official state animal for utah .
a kennel is a structure or shelter for dog or cat .
kinross charter township is a charter township of chippewa county in the u.s. state of michigan .
( stevie young is the nephew of ac/dc leader malcolm and angus young ) .
east english village is a neighborhood in detroit , michigan .
infiniband has no standard api .
the king 's artillery regiment ( ) was an artillery regiment of the royal danish army .
in spain the similar and traditional ( `` garlic soup '' ) uses egg white to thicken the broth in a similar way .
bogor is a major transport center of java .
the gold coast is a popular place for surfing .
1801 california street is a skyscraper in denver , colorado .
wrose has been civil parish since 2004 .
the san diego county board of supervisor is the legislative branch of the county government of san diego county , california .
martensdale is a city in warren county , iowa , united state .
the fruit of islam draw its membership from male member in nation of islam temple .
francoist spain competed at the 1972 summer olympics in munich , west germany .
the bedouin tribe adhere to islam .
greilickville is in the southeastern corner of leelanau county and of elmwood charter township .
mega man ii is an action-platform video game by capcom for the game boy .
the speaker of the croatian parliament ( or president ) from 28 december 2015 is željko reiner , member of the croatian democratic union ( hdz ) .
now lithuania spanned from the baltic sea to the black sea .
rampal left samajwadi party joined bahujan samaj party
peridot is the gemstone variety of forsterite olivine .
lake tauca is a former lake in the altiplano of bolivia .
the buller river flows through the deep canyon between murchison and westport .
the church of scotland has a presbytery of shetland .
lincolnshire archive is the county record office of lincolnshire , england .
pittsboro is a village in calhoun county , mississippi , united state .
hå is a municipality in rogaland county , norway .
the pyrimidine are cytosine and thymine .
a troll is a being in scandinavian folklore , including norse mythology .
a wheel cylinder is a component of a hydraulic drum brake system .
ironwood charter township is the westernmost municipality in the state of michigan .
campoli del monte taburno borders the following municipality : apollosa , castelpoto , cautano , montesarchio , tocco caudio , vitulano .
taitung county , controlling is the 3rd largest county in taiwan after hualien county and nantou county .
zekiah swamp is the largest hardwood swamp in maryland .
grandpont is a mainly residential area in south oxford .
dewas district is a district in the indian state of madhya pradesh .
from 2006 to 2007 , andrzej duda was an undersecretary of state in the ministry of justice .
napanoch is a hamlet in ulster county , new york .
for an ideal gas , the total entropy change is
a polynomial ring over a field is a unique factorization domain .
port sudan also has a rail link with khartoum .
portland community college ( pcc ) is a public community college in portland , oregon .
mount carmel is a city in hawkins county , tennessee , united state .
longview is a train station in longview , texas , united state .
on this definition , moral sense theory is a form of ethical intuitionism .
the governor of northern ireland was the principal officer and representative in northern ireland of the british monarch .
in 1876 , alexander graham bell patented the telephone .
munster is the fourth largest garrison in the bundeswehr .
arendtsville is a borough in adams county , pennsylvania , united state .
avon is a town in norfolk county , massachusetts , united state .
he jin found out , and peremptorily declared liu bian emperor .
norwood is a borough in delaware county , pennsylvania , united state .
european food safety authority approved tagatose as novel food and novel food ingredient .
grafton is in the milwaukee area technical college district , whose nearest campus is located in mequon .
the laguna de santa rosa is the largest tributary of the russian river .
mendota is a city in dakota county , minnesota , united state .
evansburg state park is near collegeville and norristown just off pennsylvania route 363 .
guillermo cañas defeated tommy robredo 7–5 , 6–2
therefore , ardahan is the coldest town in turkey .
hamilton south was a constituency of the scottish parliament ( holyrood ) .
tom simpson was the leader of the british team in the 1967 tour de france .
clan swinton is a lowland scottish clan .
battle creek is a city in madison county , nebraska , united state .
woodinville is a city in king county , washington , united state .
califon was a station on the high bridge branch of the central railroad of new jersey .
busan is the second largest city in south korea .
adelaide city centre is the inner city locality of greater adelaide , the capital city of south australia .
zwanenburg is a town in the dutch province of north holland .
mission control is a feature of the macos operating system .
the russian empire was a massive profiteer from the second opium war .
egersund is a town in eigersund municipality in rogaland county , norway .
adaptation are produced by natural selection .
hibernate provides transparent persistence for plain old java object ( pojos ) .
1 canadian mechanized brigade group was a regular force brigade group based out of cfb edmonton .
gadhinglaj taluka is a taluka in maharashtra .
oasby , heydour , aisby , culverthorpe and kelby are the five hamlet within heydour parish .
morrison is a town in gasconade county , missouri , united state .
new york state route 240 ( ny 240 ) is a state highway in western new york in the united state .
manchester is a city in southern new hampshire , united state .
harvey county is part of the wichita , ks metropolitan statistical area .
the glenrose rehabilitation hospital is located in edmonton , alberta , canada .
the nearest london underground station is newbury park on the central line .
the big four , also known as g4 , refers to france , germany , italy and the united kingdom .
in late 2002 , le méridien assumed management for the hotel .
upton magna is a civil parish in shropshire , england .
metronet went into administration in 2007 and transport for london took over responsibility .
rancho san joaquin later became part of the irvine ranch .
abu dhabi is the capital city of the emirate of abu dhabi and also of the united arab emirates overall .
pasir puteh district is a district ( jajahan ) in kelantan , malaysia .
enthalpy is a state function ) .
a regatta is a series of boat race .
skinningrove is a village in redcar and cleveland , north yorkshire , england .
grange is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
a music video director is the head of music video production .
such investment translates into higher economic growth .
hillary scott attended donelson christian academy in donelson , tennessee .
in 1890 the boynton bicycle railroad was built in long island .
animal are a critical component of any sustainable ecosystem .
prince leopold was the youngest son of queen victoria and prince albert .
sochi is approximately from moscow .
the book of zechariah expands upon ezekiel 's new jerusalem .
hamilton is in the geographic centre of the golden horseshoe .
the badminton theater auditorium is the largest of its kind in greece .
seymour is a town in outagamie county , wisconsin , united state .
jim grabb / david macpherson defeated david adam / wayne black , 6–4 , 6–4 .
in luke 10 and luke 20 manuscript is defective .
the diocese of glasgow and galloway is one of the seven diocese of the scottish episcopal church .
car-t cell therapy uses t cell engineered with car for cancer therapy .
the isu challenger series is a series of international figure skating competition .
the gibb river road is a road in the kimberley region of western australia .
pope pius ix summoned him to rome and appointed him titular archbishop of archdiocese of carthage .
clayton is a city in clayton county , iowa , united state .
andrei chesnokov was the defending champion , but lost to boris becker in the quarterfinal .
`` nba 2k9 '' is a basketball simulation video game based on the national basketball association .
touba department is a department of bafing region in woroba district , ivory coast .
like most science fiction convention , convergence selects a few special guest every year .
steigen also includes several island .
verftet is a neighbourhood of bergen , norway .
the john butler trio are an australian root jam band .
punjab receives rainfall from the monsoon current of the bay of bengal .
ethical socialism is a variant of liberal socialism developed by british socialist .
in may 2016 , nicola sturgeon retitled the post to minister for employability and training .
velikoustyugsky district has remained in vologda oblast ever since .
tempe streetcar is a future streetcar extension of phoenix 's valley metro rail light rail system .
jetty road in glenelg is a major tourism and retail precinct in adelaide , south australia .
stockton is a borough in hunterdon county , new jersey , united state .
vologda is the largest sorting and transit spot of the northern railway .
rama meet with the eagle , jatayu .
the east coast expressway project includes the sultan ahmad shah ii bridge in temerloh .
empress wei retained power as empress dowager and regent .
wyre was a parliamentary constituency in the borough of wyre district of lancashire .
short film represent all genre ( fiction , animation , documentary , experimental , music video , etc . ) .
in 2004 , dimmu borgir performed on the mainstage at ozzfest .
cameron is a town in calhoun county , south carolina , united state .
the elizabeth river then flows under the garden state parkway again .
pendragon is an alternate name for king arthur .
clear fork high school is located near bellville , ohio , united state .
flockaveli is the debut studio album by american rapper waka flocka flame .
pingree is an unincorporated community in bingham county , idaho , united state .
erpingham was a benefactor to the city of norwich .
rathconnell ( ) is a civil parish in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
`` chief petty officer '' refers to two rank in the royal canadian navy .
100 north tampa is overall the ninth-tallest building in florida .
jared palmer / pavel vízner defeated jiří novák / petr pála 5–1 ret .
ullevål stadion is a rapid transit station of the oslo metro 's sognsvann line .
morocco competed at the 2004 summer paralympics in athens , greece .
the bear river then flows south to the great salt lake . )
little brewster island is a rocky outer island in the boston harbor islands national recreation area .
in october 2018 , ll cool j was nominated for the rock and roll hall of fame .
the jagorawi toll road was the first toll road in indonesia .
ntpu and fu jen catholic university are the representative university of new taipei city by `` qs most affordable city for student ranking '' .
doolbi is a rural locality in the bundaberg region , queensland , australia .
tom mboya was elected from nairobi .
gary – new duluth is a neighborhood in duluth , minnesota , united state .
tilka manjhi bhagalpur university , formerly bhagalpur university , is a public university in bhagalpur , bihar , india .
edward did not even watch his friend tony dungy and lovie smith participate in super bowl xli .
su dingfang was born in 591 , during the reign of emperor wen of sui .
motor vehicle are normally driven on a road .
romantic literature in english includes both shakespearean and petrarchan sonnet .
physical comedy originated as part of the commedia dell'arte .
victoria police is the primary law enforcement agency of victoria , australia .
the provisional central government of vietnam was an entity proclaimed in vietnam during the first indochina war .
incheon football stadium is the first football-only stadium in incheon .
according to historical record the royal air force used teuge as an advanced landing ground with designation b-95 .
southmont is a borough in cambria county , pennsylvania , united state .
frenchburg is located in kentucky 's 6th congressional district .
aljmaš lies on the right bank of the danube .
in the california state legislature , cobb is in , and in .
rock hill is in the town of thompson by new york route 17 .
the regiment was also involved in the battle of fort washington .
claughton is a civil parish in city of lancaster , lancashire , england .
aappilattoq island is located in the southern part of upernavik archipelago .
shyok river rises near the karakoram pas .
hybrid solar cell combine advantage of both organic and inorganic semiconductor .
farahan county ( ) is a county in markazi province in iran .
chaldoran county ( ) is a county in west azerbaijan province , iran .
samburu county is a county in the former rift valley province , kenya .
benedicto kiwanuka became the new chief minister of uganda .
the manuscript carita parahyangan clearly demonstrate hinduism spirituality within the sunda kingdom society .
phil abraham is an american cinematographer and television director .
hook norton is a village and civil parish in oxfordshire , england .
the presbyterian church in the usa was organized according to presbyterian polity .
chail is a hill station in himachal pradesh , india .
the cifantuan is a major breakfast food item in shanghai .
oleum is a chemical mixture of sulfuric acid and sulfur trioxide .
kulps corner is an unincorporated community in buck county , pennsylvania , united state .
tiger occasionally attack and consume asian black bear .
at wrestlemania 22 , rob van dam won the money in the bank ladder match .
visma was kkr 's first investment in norway .
renville county is a county in the u.s. state of minnesota .
mandodari was the elder consort of ravana .
the ohio machine were the 2017 major league lacrosse national champion .
the bakunawa is a serpent-like dragon in philippine mythology .
steinkjer is a municipality in trøndelag county , norway .
ion cross the cell membrane under two influence : diffusion and electric field .
south carolina highway 34 leads east to darlington , the county seat .
for tropical and lower frequency shortwave broadcasting
the 1981 nba draft was the 35th annual nba draft of the national basketball association ( nba ) .
historically , wellington zoo operated under the auspex of the wellington city council .
adilabad assembly constituency is a constituency of telangana legislative assembly , india .
these gene are all within the human major histocompatibility complex class iii region .
in xinjiang , the chinese muslim general ma hushan supported chinese nationalism .
redcliff is a town in southern alberta , canada within cypress county .
john watson won the race for mclaren .
washakie county is a county in the u.s. state of wyoming .
ritu varma was born and brought up in hyderabad .
john de lancie was the director of philadelphia 's famed curtis institute of music before becoming the founding dean at new world .
khaalis claimed credit for malcolm x 's leaving the nation of islam .
american samoa competed at the 2000 summer olympics in sydney , australia .
the livingston parish public school operates all public school in the parish .
e allows syllabic consonant and diphthong .
causal consistency is one of the major memory consistency model .
the metropolitan borough of westminster was a metropolitan borough in the county of london , england , from 1900 to 1965 .
the washington state senate is the upper house of the washington state legislature .
gavin brown 's enterprise relocated to 620 greenwich street in new york city .
tovuz district ( ) is one of the 66 district of azerbaijan .
the kuala muda district is a district in kedah , malaysia .
penn township is a township in york county , pennsylvania , united state .
franklin county is also located on lake hartwell .
wayne rainey takes the start from schwantz and alex barros .
family rhizophoraceae consists of these genus :
lewistown , the county seat , is to the southwest by illinois route 100 .
terry township is a township in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
these two process , phosphorylation and dephosphorylation , occur four time during glycolysis .
the cecum is the first section of the large intestine .
bactria became part of seleucus i , the founder of the seleucid empire .
the carnon river is a heavily polluted river in cornwall , england .
blue area is the central business district of islamabad .
during the bulgarian national revival , gorna oryahovitsa gradually turned into an economically strong settlement .
wilhelm wundt was a german psychologist and pioneer in folk psychology .
callensburg is a borough in clarion county , pennsylvania , united state .
ska also became popular among mod in britain .
methemoglobinemia is the primary toxic effect of ethyl nitrite .
the ireland cricket team played the afghanistan national cricket team in 2010 in sri lanka .
culleenabohoge is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
all node have 10 gigabit ethernet interconnects .
the lielupe is the most important river after the daugava .
a closing argument occurs after the presentation of evidence .
brent is a city in bibb county , alabama , united state .
grundy county speedway is located in morris .
klushino ( ) is a village in smolensk oblast , russia .
kuria district was an administrative district in the nyanza province of kenya .
ga'aton ( ) is a kibbutz in northern israel .
junípero serra founded the first mission of alta california in nearby san diego .
the genus name , `` remiz '' , is the polish word for the eurasian penduline tit .
for the costa rica 2011 census , tilarán had a population of inhabitant .
spellfury is an action comedy web series .
amosite , crocidolite , tremolite , anthophyllite and actinolite are member of the amphibole class .
in late september , a cold front moved into the gulf of mexico .
biržai castle is a castle in biržai , lithuania .
in 1849 , cherokee county was split from macon county .
in 1892 , bozeman fielded a team in the class b level montana state league .
eleonora sears / willis davis defeated florence ballin / bill tilden 6–4 , 7–5
bqp contains p and bpp and is contained in awpp , pp and pspace .
the campbell river is a river on vancouver island , british columbia , canada .
all these artist tagore family belong to west bengal , india .
the next great american band is a reality television talent show .
the river calder is in west yorkshire , in northern england .
paynesville ( sometimes paynesward ) is a suburb east of monrovia , liberia .
the united methodist church also celebrates heritage sunday on aldersgate day or the preceding sunday .
the real algebraic number form a subfield of the real number .
winnipeg 61st battalion win the series and carry the allan cup .
the township is located in the delaware valley .
the tgm was the first railway in tunisia .
grass township contains the city of chrisney .
bardonecchia is the westernmost commune in italy .
late night train and night tube service also stop at turnham green .
the eel river is the third largest river in california .
wadi feiran is an wadi on egypt 's sinai peninsula .
a league is a unit of length .
gornji grad ( ; ) is the largest settlement and the administrative centre of the municipality of gornji grad in slovenia .
robinson is served by the robinson independent school district .
the little southwest miramichi river is a canadian river in northumberland county , new brunswick .
west horndon was an ancient parish in the barnstable hundred of essex .
sham shui po park ( ) is a park in sham shui po , new kowloon , hong kong .
chester is a village on the chester peninsula , mahone bay , nova scotia , canada .
helensvale is a suburb of the city of gold coast in queensland , australia .
for some state in eastern europe , the eurasian patent convention applies .
chittagong is one of the major city in bangladesh .
antelope is an unincorporated community in marion county , kansa , united state .
the cornwall league 1 2010–11 was a full season of rugby union within cornwall league 1 .
san diego miramar college ( miramar ) is a public community college in san diego , california .
the banias and hasbani river converge on the ground of the kibbutz .
cape meares is to the north and netarts bay and cape lookout are to the south .
quebec was also referred to as a distinct society by the royal commission on bilingualism and biculturalism .
blom , a double bass player and record producer , serves as bandleader , session contractor , and recording producer .
the st george 's cricket club was located in manhattan , new york .
lee highway continues east along us 29 toward rosslyn .
his painting first gained recognition at the philbrook museum of art .
shady grove is an unincorporated community in massac county , illinois , united state .
mosaic were a very popular type of floor art throughout the byzantine empire .
conservative mutation result in an amino acid change .
latur district is a district in maharashtra state of india .
however , genistein show much higher affinity toward estrogen receptor β than toward estrogen receptor α .
nebraska highway 47 is a highway in nebraska .
margate city border egg harbor township , longport and ventnor city .
hindupur constituency presently comprises the following andhra pradesh legislative assembly segment :
the bedfordshire yeomanry was a yeomanry regiment of the british army .
jaleswar is 50 kilometer from district headquarters of balasore .
graffiti u is the tenth studio album by new zealand-born australian country music singer keith urban .
cowbird rarely parasitize mourning dove nest .
laneshaw bridge is a civil parish in borough of pendle , lancashire , england .
bowland forest low is a civil parish in ribble valley , lancashire , england .
the choir also performed at carnegie hall during the early 1980s .
winston county had opposed secession from the union during the american civil war .
`` golok '' is the traditional weapon of banten .
roosevelt is part of the duchesne school district .
ghazni is fourteen league southwest of kabul .
east caln township is a township in chester county , pennsylvania , united state .
sustainable design and sustainable development are critical factor to sustainable living .
hornsey station is to the north of crouch end .
john mcenroe defeated brad gilbert 6–4 , 6–4
thiruvananthapuram became a prominent city in kerala under marthanda varma .
in louisiana , the atchafalaya river is an important distributary of the mississippi river .
for the costa rica 2011 census , zarcero had a population of inhabitant .
in 1954 in rome , bishop alexander evreinov ordained him to the priesthood .
stalberg made his swedish hockey league debut playing with frölunda hc during the 2014–15 shl season .
pine hill is a borough in camden county , new jersey , united state .
greensboro is a town in gadsden county , florida , united state .
behavioral activation emerged from a component analysis of cognitive behavioral therapy .
oswego county public transit provides service between orwell and fulton .
sawai madhopur includes jat , ahir , gurjar and meena population .
laurelwood is an unincorporated community in washington county , oregon , united state .
korean air still flies from new york jfk international airport to seoul .
rainbow 's end is a theme park in manukau , auckland .
partick station is an interchange station in the partick area of glasgow , scotland .
travis scott has credited kanye west , t.i .
congerville is a village in woodford county , illinois , united state .
arthur ashe was the defending champion but lost in the quarterfinal to harold solomon .
london country north west took over 360 bus and garage in garston , hemel hempstead , high wycombe , amersham and slough .
lake river flows from the north shore to the columbia river near ridgefield .
the branch is paralleled for its entire length by new hampshire route 101 .
east branch tunkhannock creek begins on the side of east mountain in gibson township .
wheeler county is a county in the u.s. state of oregon .
the tsardom of russia gradually chipped away at the autonomy of the kalmyk khanate .
thirunallar taluk is a taluk of karaikal district , puducherry , india .
the justice league then arrives and meet superboy .
cové is a city in the zou department of benin .
southern university and a & m college and the southern university law center also have library on their respective baton rouge campus .
weymouth township is a township in atlantic county , new jersey , united state .
nephi quoted extensively from the book of isaiah .
the battle of heilsberg was fought four day before the decisive battle of friedland .
yuen long kau hui is located in the north-east of the present yuen long town .
east dulwich is an area of south east london , england in the london borough of southwark .
erythropoietin is an essential hormone for red blood cell production .
patna city is an old area of patna .
santa catarina palopó is a municipality in the sololá department of guatemala .
1976 : nellie mcclung branch opens in saanich .
`` harakiri '' is the third solo album from the system of a down front man .
afrasiab then attacked zabulistan .
the football pitch has artificial turf and measure .
the senate is the upper chamber of parliament in burundi .
the esophagus carries food to the stomach .
fort lewis mountain is located directly across the valley from poor mountain .
the mono river is the major river of eastern togo .
puru died in 1963 and was buried in the yangmingshan no .
north chevy chase is a village in montgomery county , maryland , united state .
the orange line is the second line in the san diego trolley system .
upper nile university is one of the five public university in south sudan .
andre agassi defeated todd witsken , 6–1 , 6–3
hyner view state park is a pennsylvania state park in chapman township , clinton county , pennsylvania in the united state .
lalbagh fort is an incomplete 17th century mughal fort complex in dhaka , bangladesh .
during world war ii british army pioneer platoon had ten pioneer plus tradesman .
the broad exchange building has of frontage on broad street and on exchange place .
the army of the border was a union army during the american civil war .
in the california state legislature , deer park is in , and in .
denby bottle is a settlement in derbyshire , england .
female genital mutilation is practiced in togo .
viral replication occurs by chronic infection without a lytic cycle .
the nereid monument was the main inspiration for the famous mausoleum at halicarnassus .
methylene blue is a cationic dye .
anand amritraj / vijay amritraj defeated dick crealy / onny parun 6–4 , 7–6
wilson-tuscarora state park is a state park in niagara county , new york .
the coen river is a tributary of the archer river .
primary production is the production of chemical energy in organic compound by living organism .
majorero ( ) is a goat milk cheese from spain .
sun quan agreed with lu su .
resort world new york city is part of the aqueduct racetrack complex .
different operating system use different form of memory protection or separation .
são paulo is one of the largest health care hub in latin america .
the vermilion river is a tributary of the north saskatchewan river in east-central alberta , canada .
stephanie mcmahon then announced herself as the guest referee in the match at no way out .
tusayan is approximately two mile from the south entrance to grand canyon national park .
in july 1908 , the young turk revolution broke out in the ottoman empire .
plutonium is made from uranium-238 .
fuk wa street ( ) is a street in cheung sha wan and sham shui po , new kowloon , hong kong .
berggren made his swedish hockey league debut playing with skellefteå aik during the 2017–18 shl season .
ramanuja saw vishnu as a personification of brahman .
these sensory neuron produce action potential .
downtown edmonton is the central business district of edmonton , alberta .
devil 's lake was originally a gorge of the wisconsin river prior to the last ice age .
the 2010 tour de france was the 97th edition of the tour de france cycle race , one of cycling 's grand tour .
the caterpillar mainly feed on aspen .
pate 's grammar school is a grammar school with academy status in cheltenham , gloucestershire , england .
hindupur assembly constituency is a constituency of the andhra pradesh legislative assembly , india .
taft is a city in san patricio county , texas , united state .
vegetative reproduction may be by bulbil or by seed through apomixis .
the most prominent open cluster are the pleiades and hyades in taurus .
the thompson river joins the fraser river in lytton .
mclemoresville is a town in carroll county , tennessee , united state .
stanberry is a city in gentry county , missouri , united state .
c. l. anandan acted in about 60 film in tamil and malayalam .
palm coast is a city in flagler county , florida .
sir creek lies just to the west of the great rann of kutch area of india .
radek štěpánek won in the final 6–0 , 6–3 , against christophe rochus .
john newcombe was the defending champion , but lost in the quarterfinal to ross case .
windsor is an inner northern suburb in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
new hutton is east of kendal , and north of old hutton .
the spvgg lindau is a german football club from lindau , bavaria .
the guam department of agriculture has its headquarters in mangilao .
assam engineering college is in jalukbari in south-west guwahati .
27th army was deployed along its previous line , northeast of târgu frumos .
northenden is one of the many area within wythenshawe .
taylor dent defeated james blake 6–1 , 4–6 , 6–4
compressed suffix array are a general class of data structure that improve on the suffix array .
the centre tola vologe was the training center and club headquarters of french association football club olympique lyonnais .
east gull lake is a city in ca county , minnesota , united state .
bia and her sibling were constant companion of zeus .
calabash is a small fishing town in brunswick county , north carolina , united state .
the ghorband river is a river of afghanistan , flowing through parwan province .
iowa hill is now registered as california historical landmark # 401 .
gabriel fauré composed his requiem in d minor , op .
stoco lake is a lake in the lake ontario drainage basin in tweed , hastings county , ontario , canada .
papiamento is spoken in aruba , curaçao , and bonaire .
johnstown traction company ( jtc ) was a public transit system in johnstown , pennsylvania , united state .
the 97th intelligence squadron is the largest support squadron in air combat command .
on january 26 , 2007 , oprah winfrey chose it for her oprah 's book club .
this genus has become a synonym of `` myurella ''
clan charteris is a lowland scottish clan .
before the turkish invasion of cyprus , kormakitis had around 1,000 inhabitant .
junction city is a village in perry county , ohio , united state .
most chin chin are typically flavoured with nutmeg , cinnamon , garlic and onion .
the kebur zabagna was based at addis ababa .
dracula is an 1897 gothic horror novel by irish author bram stoker .
rhodesia competed at the 1972 summer paralympics in heidelberg , west germany .
this constellation has 32 more planetary nebula .
chinsali is a constituency of the national assembly of zambia .
musoma is a city in north west of tanzania .
the university of nottingham is a public research university in nottingham , united kingdom .
sŏhŭng county is a county in north hwanghae province , north korea .
in may 2006 , governor arnold schwarzenegger made a stop in orange county , and ate at cook 's corner .
redlichiina is a suborder of the order redlichiida of trilobite .
its counterpart across the beauly firth , south kessock , is a district of inverness .
the single was certified platinum by the british phonographic industry .
carbon county is a county in the u.s. state of wyoming .
in 1893 , charleston county expanded northwestward into berkeley county .
the harris county sheriff 's office academy is in atascocita .
nova scotia is home to symphony nova scotia , a symphony orchestra based in halifax .
more than 350 mud volcano exist in eastern azerbaijan and the caspian sea region .
during the sengoku period , the battle of komaki and nagakute was held in this vicinity .
natalma is a member of the canadian horse racing hall of fame .
martina navratilova defeated catarina lindqvist 6–2 , 6–4
bedourie is a town and a locality in the shire of diamantina , queensland , australia .
taproot may develop in compact and stony soil .
four mile run begins in the vicinity of gordon avenue in fairfax county .
within the grand duchy of lithuania , sapotskin was part of trakai voivodeship .
max and moritz became the forerunner to the comic strip .
the liberal national party of queensland ( lnp ) is a major political party in queensland , australia .
the neelum district is the largest district of azad kashmir by area .
the shire of cardwell was a local government area of queensland .
ribault river is a tributary of the trout river .
sandal college faisalabad is a school in faisalabad , pakistan .
senator evelyn vázquez ( puerto rico senatorial district iv ) and josé emilio gonzález ( puerto rico senatorial district iii ) had their candidature at risk .
referential integrity guarantees the primary key – foreign key relationship .
the national museum of beirut is the principal museum of archaeology in lebanon .
gainesville is a town in sumter county , alabama , united state .
in 200 bce , elaeus surrendered voluntarily to philip v of macedon .
the pale emperor is the ninth studio album by american rock band marilyn manson .
emperor wu of han dispatched soldier against nanyue .
with 92 run on the board , manish pandey departed .
jeff borowiak defeated jaime fillol 6–0 , 6–1
his company was involved in the battle of hilli .
the waterford township school district serves public school student in pre-kindergarten through sixth grade .
norway competed at the 1972 winter olympics in sapporo , japan .
renown park is an inner northern suburb of adelaide , south australia .
the metric tensor is an example of a tensor field .
rukometni klub metković is a handball club from metković , croatia .
andrés gómez / ivan lendl defeated peter doohan / paul mcnamee 7–5 , 6–4
dinoflagellate often live in symbiosis with other organism .
california 's 45th congressional district is a congressional district in the u.s. state of california .
manohar lal khattar became the chief minister of haryana .
the wisper flows into the rhine at lorch .
the eponymous constellation ursa major contains the famous big dipper .
potassium acetate ( chcook ) is the potassium salt of acetic acid .
lincoln crown court is a judicial facility in lincoln , lincolnshire .
putnam is a town in callahan county , texas , united state .
tryon is a town in polk county , north carolina , united state .
darke county is a county in the u.s. state of ohio .
this cbc television series was recorded in winnipeg .
sowcarpet is a neighborhood in the northern part of chennai , india .
during the war the 3rd infantry division consisted of the 7th , 15th and 30th infantry regiment , together with supporting unit .
yandilla is a rural locality in the toowoomba region , queensland , australia .
sognsvann is a rapid transit station of the oslo metro 's sognsvann line .
melzo is a railway station in italy .
major general amy s. courter ( born 1961 ) is the former national commander of the civil air patrol .
both chris connor and trumpeter maynard ferguson previously performed with the stan kenton band .
christer björkman won in 1992 , but finished second last at the eurovision song contest in malmö .
holme wood is a housing estate in bradford , west yorkshire , england .
fithian is a village in oakwood township , vermilion county , illinois , united state .
grafton high school is home to the grafton indian .
belmont is a new england town in middlesex county , massachusetts .
this gene has a pseudogene on chromosome 7 .
mae wong national park ( thai อุทยานแห่งชาติแม่วงก์ ) is a national park in thailand .
lago del segrino is a glacial lake fed by underground spring .
the richmond and petersburg railroad became part of the atlantic coast line railroad .
kailahun district is a district in the eastern province of sierra leone .
gboard features floating keyboard and google translate in gboard itself .
tillydrone is an area of the city of aberdeen , scotland .
newport is a town in carteret county , north carolina , united state .
bvv barendrecht is a football club from barendrecht , netherlands .
werribee south border point cook and contains werribee park .
his brother , zhao erfeng , succeeded him as the viceroy of sichuan .
the little white river flows northward through central mellette county , discharging into white river .
dwight yoakam is an american country music singer-songwriter .
matrix multiplication share some property with usual multiplication .
mount gilead is a village in morrow county , ohio , united state .
acute eosinophilic pneumonia has been associated with tobacco smoking .
blacklick creek gently flows through blacklick .
jesus then appears to his disciple .
allegheny township is a township in westmoreland county , pennsylvania , united state .
in addition , the pulaski county special school district administers several other north little rock area school , including :
charleville is the terminus for queensland rail travel 's twice weekly `` the westlander '' service from brisbane .
croatia–czech republic relation are foreign relation between croatia and the czech republic .
alexander peya and martin slanar won in the final 7–5 , 7–5 against rik de voest and izak van der merwe .
southside township is in wright county , minnesota , united state .
dokuz eylül university ( ) ( deü ) is a university in turkey .
the sind river forms the sind valley .
leonard is a city in fannin county , texas , united state .
the tribe has a cosmopolitan distribution .
wilber is a city in saline county , nebraska , united state .
the horizontal plate of palatine bone is a quadrilateral part of the palatine bone , and has two surface and four border .
ptcl is the largest telecommunication provider in pakistan .
martignana di po borders the following municipality : casalmaggiore , casteldidone , colorno , gussola , san giovanni in croce , sissa trecasali .
washington township is a township in york county , pennsylvania , united state .
catharpin lies on state route 234 to the northwest of manassas national battlefield park .
life flight network operates base across the pacific northwest in washington , oregon , idaho and montana .
yeso is an unincorporated community in de baca county , new mexico , united state .
the guest river flows for nearly its entire length in wise county .
the weather is the seventh studio album by australian psychedelic rock band pond .
spring lake regional park is a public park in southeastern santa rosa , sonoma county , california , united state .
the power station will contain six 600 mw francis turbine .
daceyville was listed on the register of the national estate in 1991 .
glycerius was born in dalmatia .
soletsky district museum is located in soltsy .
randolph county is a member of the regional piedmont triad council of government .
black mesa is a mesa in the u.s. state of colorado , new mexico , and oklahoma .
the baily lighthouse is on the southeastern part of howth head .
in 315 bc the dictator quintus fabius maximus rullianus took over the operation at saticula .
his doctorate and habilitation were from the university of münster .
natural gene duplication plays a major role in evolution .
during the 2007 rugby world cup , the samoa national rugby union team used a more aggressive version of the siva tau .
the slovak greek catholic church is an eastern rite sui iuris catholic church .
truscott is an unincorporated community in knox county , texas , united state .
paramount is a city in los angeles county , california , united state .
dushanbe international airport is an airport in dushanbe , the capital of tajikistan .
western equatoria is a state in south sudan .
for several year , carnegie mellon silicon valley operated a long-distance capability to pittsburgh 's tepper school of business .
cornelius is a city in washington county , oregon , united state .
the xiluodu dam ( ) is an arch dam on the jinsha river , i.e .
liberal leader fiorello la guardia served as republican and fusion mayor of new york city in 1934–1945 .
hotgi is a suburb of solapur in solapur district .
in contrast , prosperous armenia is the main euroskeptic party in armenia .
sustainable development goal 6 is about `` clean water and sanitation for all . ''
siemens was a nephew of industrialist werner von siemens , william , and carl von siemens .
brad gilbert won in the final 6–2 , 6–2 against eliot teltscher .
the welsh bowling association is based at gorseinon , swansea .
north lincolnshire council is the local authority of north lincolnshire .
david klingler took over for ware at uh and was the sixth overall pick in the 1992 nfl draft .
jackson township is one of seventeen township in adair county , iowa , usa .
norwegian national road 168 ( ) is a major route between bærum and oslo , norway .
macgillivray 's warbler ( `` geothlypis tolmiei '' ) is a specie of new world warbler .
rear window is a 1998 american made-for-television crime-drama thriller film directed by jeff bleckner .
sikhism rejects asceticism and celibacy .
the larva feed on `` vaccinium corymbosum '' .
the hart foundation wrestled in another 20-man battle royal at wrestlemania iv .
borough of halton is a unitary authority in cheshire , england .
a unique factorization domain is not necessarily a noetherian ring .
southeast missouri state university ( semo ) is a public university in cape girardeau , missouri .
belknap is a ghost town in young county , texas , united state .
sheep were dropped in favor of cattle .
the funeral pyre is an american blackened death metal band from la habra , california , united state .
the lake is part of quttinirpaaq national park .
trysil is a municipality in innlandet county , norway .
the pannonian basin lies in the southeastern part of central europe .
cyril suk / daniel vacek defeated jan apell / jonas björkman 6–3 , 6–4
the yom river ( , , ) is a river in thailand .
keio academy of new york , a japanese international boarding school , is in purchase .
the iron ore came from utö and the dannemora mine .
the priory was dedicated to st. mary magdalene .
marmot are the heaviest member of the squirrel family .
marcelo filippini / luiz mattar defeated sergio casal / emilio sánchez , 7–6 , 6–4
lyx is a graphical frontend to latex .
in many northern bavarian variant , nasalization is increasingly common .
julian knowle and michael kohlmann won in the final against jiří novák and radek štěpánek .
lenga is a mukim in muar district , johor , malaysia .
harrison township was established in the 1830s , and named for william henry harrison .
nitrification is an important step in the nitrogen cycle in soil .
higley was an unincorporated community in maricopa county , arizona , united state .
separator are critical component in liquid electrolyte battery .
a simple closed polygonal chain in the plane is the boundary of a simple polygon .
antitermination was discovered in bacteriophage infection .
sunil gavaskar scored 434 run ) .
aragorn leads them out to lothlórien .
downtown fort worth is the central business district of fort worth , texas , united state .
prof. kadammanitta vasudevan pillai , is a padayani exponent from kerala , india .
w. t. white high school enrolls student in grade 9-12 and is a part of the dallas independent school district .
fantinus lived both as a hermit and as a monk and abbot .
edmonton-south west is a provincial electoral district in edmonton , alberta , canada .
nicholson street is a street in inner melbourne .
cao cao then led his force to liyang ( 黎陽 ; present-day xun county , henan ) .
ariadne oliver is a fictional character in the novel of agatha christie .
the lake drains through the orbe ( river ) into lac de joux .
in the california state legislature , el segundo is in , and in .
ikšķile is one of the oldest inhabited region of latvia .
the orange county sheriff 's office is the chief law enforcement agency for orange county , florida .
oil pressure is an important factor in the longevity of most internal combustion engine .
santacruz or santa cruz is a neighbourhood of mumbai .
in 1995 the metro conference merged with the great midwest conference to form conference usa .
southwestern university is a private university in georgetown , texas .
huntsdale is a village in boone county , missouri , united state .
the kander is a river in switzerland .
serang was formerly a part of serang regency .
farrancallin is a townland in county westmeath , republic of ireland .
savannah law school is a private , for-profit law school in savannah , georgia .
mercedes paz / gabriela sabatini defeated jill hetherington / christiane jolissaint 6–2 , 6–2
brown , with commander ram das katari as his executive officer .
the robin hood line reopened the original with service between nottingham and worksop ..
tragelaphus is a genus of medium- to large-sized spiral-horned antelope .
our lady of mount carmel is the name or patron saint of many church .
king charles spaniel are often mistaken for cavalier king charles spaniel .
plumley is a civil parish in cheshire east , england .
george peacock was the founder of axiomatic thinking in arithmetic and algebra .
peter rawson taft married sylvia howard of townshend , vermont , windham county , vermont .
west haven high is part of the southern connecticut conference , quinnipiac division , for athletics .
motorcycle speedway ran for two year in 1928 and 1929 and there is also evidence of stock car racing .
brampton is in the parliamentary constituency of penrith and the border .
eskom manages the following nature reserve in cape town :
avrig ( ; , ) is a town in sibiu county , transylvania , romania .
function composition appears in one form or another in numerous programming language .
ken dilger was raised in mariah hill , spencer county , indiana .
like the running back , the tight end also has multiple role .
the temper trap ep is the debut ep from the australian indie rock band the temper trap .
in 1590 , toyotomi hideyoshi invaded the hojo during the siege of odawara .
adverse selection was first described for life insurance .
john lakian is a businessman and former gubernatorial candidate of massachusetts .
thunder bay district is a district and census division in northwestern ontario in the canadian province of ontario .
vilma espín was an outspoken supporter of gender equality in cuba .
tainan , lukang , and banka became the three largest city in taiwan .
the western interior seaway submerged much of the state during the late cretaceous .
common side dish are potato salad , cucumber salad or potato .
parry sound is a popular cottage country region for southern ontario resident .
social stratification is interpreted in radically different way within sociology .
by 1896 , flagler 's railroad , the florida east coast railway , reached biscayne bay .
in 1803 dinklage was absorbed into the duchy of oldenburg .
the national bowling stadium is a ten-pin bowling stadium in reno , nevada .
the durand line remains the international boundary between afghanistan and modern-day pakistan .
colwich is a civil parish in the borough of stafford , staffordshire , england .
west felton is a civil parish in shropshire , england .
euronext amsterdam is a stock exchange based in amsterdam .
crossdoney ( ) is a village in county cavan , republic of ireland .
the aveyron flows into the loing at montbouy .
the 25th new zealand parliament was a term of the new zealand parliament .
cape sudest is a cape in papua new guinea , next to oro bay .
phpbb is an internet forum package in the php scripting language .
protein are the major source of nitrogen in food .
in 1790 , the oxford canal connected the city with coventry .
eth and thorn both represented or its allophone in old english .
fairfield is the home of the london mozart player .
the national rugby league was formed from the arl and super league competition .
jerash governorate has two university ; jerash private university and philadelphia university .
spartanburg is an amtrak train station in spartanburg , south carolina , united state .
ropin ' the wind is the third studio album by the american country music artist garth brook .
the mojave desert extends eastward into the state of nevada .
pope is a village in panola county , mississippi .
the classical string quintet consists of the first violin , second violin , alto , cello and double bass .
stuart pearson wright ( born 1975 , northampton ) is an english portrait artist , winner of the bp portrait award .
the church of our most holy redeemer and st thomas more , also referred to as holy redeemer church , is a roman catholic parish church in chelsea , london .
moreover , automorphism group of cyclic group are example of abelian group .
palmital is a municipality in the state of são paulo , brazil .
black mountain leopard orchid is only known from the australian capital territory .
the second asia cup was held in sri lanka .
these field equation are a set of 10 simultaneous , non-linear , differential equation .
the waterfall ist classified as a geological natural monument .
kankaanpää ( ) is a town and municipality of finland .
homer does not mention any child by calypso .
the county seat is crawfordville .
cuthbertson high school is a recognized honor school of excellence in north carolina .
light cruiser were defined under the washington naval treaty by gun caliber .
macgregor is a southern suburb in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
the acer iconia is a range of tablet computer from acer inc. of taiwan .
wolverine rescues her and decapitates crimson commando .
the eastern district council is the district council for the eastern district in hong kong .
waupaca is a town in waupaca county , wisconsin , united state .
unlike the motorway , the chiltern main line stretch deep into both london and birmingham .
hank greenberg had four hit and three rbi and billy rogell had four rbi .
gemeinhardt co. is a manufacturer of flute and piccolo .
gopalpur is part of berhampur ( lok sabha constituency ) .
califon is a borough in hunterdon county , new jersey , united state .
schenker ag is a german logistics company and a subsidiary of deutsche bahn , the german railway company .
hezbollah is a shia islamic organization in lebanon .
industrial music is a form of experimental music which emerged in the 1970s .
khananda died on 26 january 2008 in baku .
raystown lake is a reservoir in huntingdon county , pennsylvania .
annerley is a suburb in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
prince george 's county memorial library system operates the oxon hill library .
lyon mountain is within new york 's adirondack park .
cooch behar sadar subdivision is a subdivision of the cooch behar district in the state of west bengal , india .
katama is the south-central portion of edgartown .
necroptosis is a programmed form of necrosis , or inflammatory cell death .
catstye cam is a fell in the english lake district .
upend is a hamlet in the east of cambridgeshire .
southbridge is a city in worcester county , massachusetts , united state .
riverside terrace is a neighborhood in houston , texas , united state .
the french organist-composer michel corrette wrote six concerto .
the danish medical association ( dadl ) is a medical professional association in denmark .
the roman catholic archdiocese of new york operates catholic school in rockland county .
rolf singer transferred it to `` weraroa '' in 1958 .
jana novotná defeated magdalena maleeva 4–6 , 6–4 , 6–3
head lake is a lake in the village of haliburton , in haliburton county , ontario , canada .
crosby ravensworth is a civil parish in the eden district , cumbria , england .
the university of victoria faculty of law is a law school at the university of victoria in victoria , british columbia , canada .
ridgefield park is a village in bergen county , new jersey , united state .
hyde park is a neighborhood and historic district in austin , texas .
martin damm / cyril suk defeated jürgen melzer / alexander peya 6–4 , 6–4
phillips creek begin in a deep valley near north mountain in fairmount township .
the bahía de cádiz natural park is located on the shore of the bay of cádiz .
sabina park is a 20,000 capacity cricket ground in kingston , jamaica .
ben buckler is a locality in north bondi .
efficient purely functional data structure may require the use of lazy evaluation and memoization .
old hill is home of the old hill cricket club .
coal tar remains the principal source of commercial quinoline .
the hayarkon street has bauhaus architecture .
on 15 december 2010 , pope benedict xvi established the diocese of camaçari from the roman catholic archdiocese of são salvador da bahia .
the webb river is a river in western maine .
its first variant , the early cyrillic alphabet , was created at the preslav literary school .
at the age of 15 , charlotte hatherley became the guitarist of nightnurse .
mega man iii is an action-platform video game by capcom for the nintendo game boy .
hang seng bank tower is the headquarters of hang seng bank in shanghai .
gryf słupsk are also from the pomoranian area of poland .
spain kept only cuba and puerto rico in the new world .
john spencer won 8–7 in the final against john pulman .
gyptian is currently single and is living in jamaica .
task force 61 was the mediterranean amphibious ready group .
canton is a historic waterfront neighborhood in baltimore , maryland , united state .
fumaric acid was first prepared from succinic acid .
the school district of philadelphia operates four school in rhawnhurst .
denis istomin was the defending champion but lost in the final to konstantin kravchuk .
the saugeen first nation has office near southampton , ontario .
logical truth is one of the most fundamental concept in logic .
the dingle peninsula is named after the town of dingle .
bennington is a town in hillsborough county , new hampshire , united state .
psimon later appears as a member of the fearsome five .
benjamin huntsman developed his crucible steel technique in the 1740s .
la maddalena is part of an archipelago called arcipelago della maddalena .
line 2 is an east-west line of the shanghai metro network .
the strowger switch is the first commercially successful electromechanical stepping switch telephone exchange system .
caroline wozniacki defeated petra cetkovská , 6–4 , 6–1
safidon falls under sonipat lok sabha constituency .
the cathedral of st. philip is the seat of the episcopal diocese of atlanta .
by 1848 the first restaurant , la mallorquina , opened in old san juan .
josipdol , plaški and saborsko are part of karlovac county and gračac is part of zadar county .
tfl rail has also taken over operation of some service from to heathrow airport and reading .
annealing goes through three phase : recovery , recrystallization , and grain growth .
paget 's disease of the breast can affect the nipple and areola .
switzerland competed at the 1988 summer paralympics in seoul , south korea .
this enzyme participates in the degradation of isoleucine .
b'nai jeshurun is a synagogue in the upper west side of manhattan , new york city .
the cray house is a two-room house in stevensville , maryland .
upmc nowlan park ( ) is the principal gaelic athletic association stadium in kilkenny , republic of ireland .
boreen point is a rural locality in the shire of noosa , queensland , australia .
hamperley is a dispersed hamlet in shropshire , england .
the bishop of lichfield is the ordinary of the church of england diocese of lichfield in the province of canterbury .
trillick ( ) is a small village in county tyrone , northern ireland .
any beaujolais or beaujolais-villages aoc vineyard can produce beaujolais nouveau .
newcastle ( ) is a village in south-west south dublin , republic of ireland .
the manych ship canal is a canal between the black sea lagoon the sea of azov and the caspian sea .
kasımpaşa is the lowest valued property on the istanbul .
beech mountain is located in avery and watauga county , north carolina .
the bulgarian orthodox church has three stauropegic monastery :
honley is a large village in west yorkshire , england .
ripon is located in the northwest corner of fond du lac county .
alsip is a village in cook county , illinois , united state .
the lizard lighthouse is situated at lizard point .
mutation in casq2 cause a decrease in sarcoplasmic reticulum calcium-buffering capacity .
harvard psychologist herbert kelman identified three major type of conformity .
the commander of the canadian army is the institutional head of the canadian army .
raf kai tak was a royal air force station in hong kong .
rancho el pinole was a mexican land grant along carquinez strait in present-day contra costa county , california .
bagstone is on the b4058 between rangeworthy and cromhall .
the zhang river is a tributary of the wei river in china .
shrewsbury is a borough in monmouth county , new jersey , united state .
jackson township is a township in monroe county , pennsylvania , united state .
jack crawford / vivian mcgrath defeated pat hughes / fred perry 6–4 , 8–6 , 6–2
st neots is the largest town in cambridgeshire , england .
stevens point is the county seat of portage county , wisconsin , united state .
vladimir tismăneanu grew up in the exclusive primăverii quarter of bucharest .
new york state route 80 is a highway along the west side of otsego lake .
hence , hokkien remains the main heritage language among chinese filipino .
the external iliac artery pass the inguinal ligament posteriorly and inferiorly .
`` the fall of the house of usher '' was first published in september 1839 in `` burton 's gentleman 's magazine '' .
luna 24 was the last soviet mission to the moon .
bishopville is a city in lee county , south carolina , united state .
clarendon parish elects 6 mp to the parliament of jamaica .
amphibian may include tiger salamander and toad .
roosevelt is a city in duchesne county , utah , united state .
monywa is one of the largest economic city in myanmar .
west bay city was a city in bay county the u.s. state of michigan .
korsvoll is an area in the borough nordre aker in oslo , norway .
mathis is a city in san patricio county , texas , united state .
canonsburg is home to the pittsburgh cougar united junior hockey league team .
prescott park comprises over of waterfront property along the piscataqua river .
heavy infection can result in anaemia and indigestion .
clear spring is a town in washington county , maryland , united state .
louga is a city and region of senegal .
rudheath is a village and a civil parish in cheshire west and chester , england .
bloomville is a village in seneca county , ohio , united state .
clan campbell ( ) is a highland scottish clan .
rani mukerji is also one of the most popular actress in bollywood .
david prinosil defeated david wheaton 7–6 , 5–7 , 6–2
walsh is a hamlet in alberta , canada , within cypress county .
volcano mountain is called nelrúna in the northern tutchone language .
idaho state university ( isu ) is a public research university in pocatello , idaho .
the subspace topology and product topology construction are both special case of initial topology .
leslie is served by the searcy county school district .
busan bank ( hangul : 부산은행 , hanja : 釜山銀行 ) is a regional bank in south korea .
gatineau is located in southwestern quebec .
rindal formerly was part of møre og romsdal and at that time , it was the only landlocked municipality in that county .
marshall is a city in lyon county , minnesota , united state .
solapur has the great indian bustard sanctuary .
rødøy is a municipality in nordland county , norway .
sigurd wallin grew up in kungsholmen in stockholm .
bipedalism is unknown among the amphibian .
progesterone is highest in the diestrus phase of the estrous cycle .
epistemology is the branch of philosophy that study knowledge .
the andesite line is the most significant regional geologic distinction in the pacific ocean basin .
hwagyesa and bongeunsa are also major list of buddhist temple in seoul .
the president of the naval war college is a flag officer in the united state navy .
the nanticoke river is a tributary of the chesapeake bay on the delmarva peninsula .
harrisville is a town in ritchie county , west virginia , united state .
the church of england parish church of the holy rood has a norman bell tower .
the county of victoria is one of the 49 cadastral county of south australia .
horton in ribblesdale was historically a part of ewcross wapentake in the west riding of yorkshire .
fisherman island is the southernmost island on the delmarva peninsula chain of barrier island .
meliki ( ) is a village and a former municipality in imathia , greece .
kakkanad is also the broadcasting hub of kochi .
louth was the northern terminus of the mablethorpe loop .
some power station burn fuel oil rather than coal .
lastovo is a small town in southern croatia .
sidcup was a parliamentary constituency centred on sidcup , an outer suburb of london in the london borough of bexley .
new kru town is a northwestern coastal suburb of monrovia , liberia .
audra is an unincorporated community in barbour county , west virginia , usa .
hiv encephalopathy can lead to dementia .
common lisp is a dialect of lisp .
astronomer antonín mrkos became director of kleť observatory in 1965 .
downtown cleveland is the central business district of cleveland , ohio .
cassandra is a borough in cambria county , pennsylvania , united state .
cullom is a village in livingston county , illinois , united state .
american association team won 27 little/junior world series .
the coroner 's jury returned an open verdict .
the 1976 giro d'italia was the 59th edition of the giro d'italia , one of cycling 's grand tour .
however , booker t lost to triple h at wrestlemania xix .
germinal center b cell may differentiate into memory b cell or plasma cell .
chickasaw is a city in mobile county , alabama , united state .
boscia is a genus of plant in family capparaceae .
the beaufort range is one of the vancouver island range
both iron and magnesium are in octahedral by oxygen .
he and liu bei studied under the tutelage of lu zhi .
the prime minister of pakistan and india held an emergency meeting in lahore .
endocrinology is the study of the endocrine system in the human body .
hyde street connects the aquatic park historic district to market street .
salley is located at in eastern aiken county .
gloucester rugby play home match at kingsholm stadium .
fayette county is served by the fayette county school system .
leonia is a borough in bergen county , new jersey , united state .
the river stour runs past the hamlet .
modern astronomy recognizes that guest star are manifestation of cataclysmic variable star : nova and supernova .
yuan hao then approached luoyang .
finksburg is an unincorporated community in carroll county , maryland , united state .
sand lake is east of albany , new york .
jalpan de serra is in the north of querétaro .
dighton was also along the route between fall river and taunton .
carnegie is a town in caddo county , oklahoma , united state .
mebyon kernow is a member of the european free alliance .
bridgewater is a suburb of hobart , tasmania .
as of 2000 maryam abacha remained in nigeria .
his son flaithrí mac domnaill ( died 779 ) was also a king of connacht .
williams island dam is wholly located within the city 's james river park system .
the scottish national party stood 6 candidate for all the seat in scotland .
iowa city municipal airport , is two mile southwest of iowa city , in johnson county , iowa .
the innerste is a river in lower saxony , germany .
blackley is a suburban area of manchester , england .
his brother arthur sifton served as the second premier of alberta .
these protein may function as transcriptional repressor .
democratic people 's party ( , dehap ) was a pro-kurdish political party in turkey .
however , north station passenger add significantly to orange line congestion .
the diocese is currently sede vacante .
neotame and advantame are further derivative of aspartame .
the 116th brigade was a formation of the british army during the first world war .
villa di briano borders the following municipality : casal di principe , casapesenna , frignano , san cipriano d'aversa , san marcellino , san tammaro .
thornton ( ) is a village in fife , scotland .
liberty global is the largest broadband internet service provider outside of the u.s .
today chuvash people are eastern orthodox christian and belong to the russian orthodox church .
analytical chemistry has been an indispensable area in the development of nanotechnology .
monroe is a city in walton county , georgia , united state .
the zenith is the `` highest '' point on the celestial sphere .
mary pierce defeated monica seles 7–6 , 6–3
the result was tremendous residential growth as olathe became a part of the kansas city metropolitan area .
antrim lies fully within the merrimack river watershed .
by late december 39th army had been assigned to kalinin front .
tajrish is situated in the shemiranat county .
the tuima class missile boat was a class of fast attack craft in use by the finnish navy .
memphis is the economic center of west tennessee .
japanese cyberpunk refers to cyberpunk fiction produced in japan .
dugger is a town in ca township , sullivan county , indiana , united state .
kiribati and tuvalu are associate member of oceania football confederation but not its parent organisation .
haile gerima was born and raised in gondar , ethiopia .
lørenskog is a railway station on the trunk line in lørenskog , norway .
aichhalden is located in the east of the black forest .
the 1980s indiepop band trixie 's big red motorbike were from shanklin , and recorded some of their record there .
auburn high school is a public high school in auburn , alabama .
phallomedusa is a genus of small , air-breathing land snail with an operculum , a pulmonate gastropod mollusc .
bradford school district is a school district in white county , arkansas , united state .
atp synthase then ensues exactly as in oxidative phosphorylation .
music of the sun is the debut studio album by barbadian singer rihanna .
la porte city is a city in black hawk county , iowa , united state .
kalwa is railway station on the central line of the mumbai suburban railway .
guru nanak came to varanasi on two occasion .
inver ( ) is a small village in county donegal , republic of ireland .
the thai fa cup 2012 ( ) is the 17th season of thailand knockout association football competition .
amherstview is a community within loyalist township .
a stock exchange is often the most important component of a stock market .
windsor is located about from the brisbane central business district .
phuket is one of the oldest city in thailand .
the new zealand division was an infantry division of the new zealand expeditionary force raised for service in the first world war .
korsvoll is an area in the borough nordre aker in oslo , norway .
“ the bronze star medal is in lieu of the purple heart awarded .
atom is a `` hackable '' text editor .
his western electric company was a major supplier to the telegraph company western union .
the 2/17th battalion was an infantry battalion of the australian army .
xin fengxia was born in suzhou , jiangsu , china .
windom is served by the honey grove independent school district .
a hexagonal number is a figurate number .
azerbaijan airline is a member of the international air transport association .
oliver is a village in douglas county , wisconsin , united state .
texas city is a city in galveston county in the u.s. state of texas .
the afghan national police provides support to the afghan army .
case law is also the primary source for principle in french administrative law .
matthias-grünewald-gymnasium is a secondary school ( gymnasium ) in würzburg , germany .
shenango township is a township in mercer county , pennsylvania , united state .
shango is the practice of the trinidad orisha religion .
londonderry township is the southernmost township in dauphin county .
in 2008 the edmonton public library opened the lois hole library in callingwood north .
rarely very low blood pressure may be the only sign of anaphylaxis .
gerald battrick / graham stilwell defeated colin dibley / charlie pasarell 6–4 , 7–6
this enzyme is a part of the pathway of indole alkaloid biosynthesis .
john calvin taught double predestination .
spur 56 is located in raymondville .
relational psychoanalysis has become the dominant form of american contemporary psychoanalysis .
stefan koubek / philipp kohlschreiber defeated oliver marach / cyril suk 6–2 , 6–3
mexico competed at the 1988 summer olympics in seoul , south korea .
donald johnson / jared palmer defeated feliciano lópez / francisco roig 7–5 , 6–3
the basilica of sant'apollinare nuovo is a basilica church in ravenna , italy .
in addition , semiconductor curve tracer are reliable indicator of transistor performance .
spencer is a town in marathon county , wisconsin , united state .
the european environment agency regulates noise control and surveillance within the european union .
burgfreiheit or schlossfreiheit was a quarter of königsberg , germany .
oxalic acid is an important reagent in lanthanide chemistry .
the middle road was not the first highway between toronto and hamilton .
however , the subaru rally team usa is still competing in the rally america national championship .
the first season , which starred former mclaren driver lewis hamilton aired from the 2012 british grand prix onwards .
both barony are in the northwestern corner of county kilkenny .
in 2002 , wicked twister opened as the tallest , fastest , and longest inverted impulse roller coaster of its kind .
steinach is a river of thuringia and bavaria , germany .
both algebraic geometry and algebraic number theory build on commutative algebra .
scajaquada creek ( ) is a stream in erie county , new york , united state .
some of these tank with inscription `` taganrog '' participated at the battle of berlin .
nicole provis / elna reinach defeated kathy jordan / elizabeth smylie 6–1 , 6–4
opera buffa was distinguished from opera seria by numerous characteristic :
alnabru is a neighbourhood of north-eastern oslo .
kerry airport offers domestic flight to dublin plus several international flight .
the red skull then regains the cosmic cube and temporarily switch body with captain america .
the 26th battalion was an infantry battalion of the australian army .
camrose is a provincial electoral district in alberta , canada .
the fathomless mastery is the third full-length album by swedish death metal band bloodbath .
new york law school ( nyls ) is a private law school in tribeca , new york city .
moody is a city in mclennan county , texas , united state .
the hejaz is the most cosmopolitan region in the arabian peninsula .
sumrall is a town in lamar county , mississippi .
another nephew , edwin corning jr. , served in the new york state assembly from 1955 to 1959 .
the british dietetic association has described raw foodism as a fad diet .
maiden bradley is the principal settlement in the civil parish of maiden bradley with yarnfield .
in 2015 the financial conduct authority introduced new restriction on payday loan in the uk .
the intracoastal waterway pass through pine island sound , to the west of the island .
smith county is a county in the u.s. state of texas .
shah deniz gas field ( ) is the largest natural gas field in azerbaijan .
the administrative centre of the municipality is the village of leinesfjord .
logarithm occur in definition of the fractal dimension of fractal .
her nephew , rickard de bermingham ( d. 1322 ) won the second battle of athenry in 1316 .
lebanon was above the elevation of the miami and erie canal at middletown .
heinrich himmler and reinhard heydrich headed the nazi security force and were key architect of the final solution .
his twin-cylinder pump incorporated a crankshaft .
paiste is the largest non-asian manufacturer of gong .
salem is an amtrak train station in salem , oregon , united state .
sirikit dam is on the nan river in uttaradit province .
nova veneza is located between goiânia and anápolis .
east rutherford is a borough in bergen county , new jersey , united state .
caroline wozniacki defeated vera dushevina , 6–0 , 6–2
bennington is a town in hillsborough county , new hampshire , united state .
pollepel island is a island in the hudson river in new york .
the fungus grows in the aphid 's hemolymph .
in this case ithaca chasma would be the outermost ring graben of odysseus .
the golden lion marching band includes brass , woodwind , percussion , and color guard .
little silver is a borough in monmouth county , new jersey , united state .
sogou is the music service of the web portal sohu .
at practical angle of attack the lift greatly exceeds the drag .
the roman senate survived the initial collapse of the western roman empire .
ribera d'ebre is a comarca ( county ) in catalonia , spain .
east lothian is a constituency of the scottish parliament ( holyrood ) .
bonnie gadusek defeated kathy rinaldi 6–1 , 6–3
dominican sign language is a local variant of american sign language used in the dominican republic .
cedar creek runs through the town from the town of jackson .
the b54 is a bus route on myrtle avenue in brooklyn , new york city .
leșu ( ) is a commune in bistrița-năsăud county , transylvania , romania .
wine , particularly red wine , are a source of low level of resveratrol .
bangladesh and egypt are both member of the organisation of islamic cooperation and the islamic military coalition .
the larva feed on `` salix babylonica '' .
the governor general 's body guard was a canadian army , militia , household cavalry regiment .
the thomson road grand prix circuit was a former street circuit on old upper thomson road in singapore .
county sligo ( , ) is a county in republic of ireland .
caruthersville lies in missouri 's missouri bootheel on the mississippi river .
composite monitor usually use rca jack or bnc connector for video input .
the trave ( ) is a river in schleswig-holstein , germany .
duncannon is a borough in perry county , pennsylvania , united state .
derrick rostagno defeated todd woodbridge 6–3 , 6–3
the university of nova gorica is located in rožna dolina .
the laptev sea ( ; ) is a marginal sea of the arctic ocean .
the volkswagen concept bluesport is a mid-engined roadster concept car produced by volkswagen .
atletico-usip monterotondo is a member of italian athletics federation and italian cycling federation .
next , shinya aoki defended the ddt extreme division championship against yukio naya .
the corresponding hilbert space has dimension 2 .
in the california state legislature , delhi is in , and in .
the austrian service abroad is the issuer of the annually conferred austrian holocaust memorial award .
bellefonte is the county seat of centre county and home to the centre county courthouse .
byley is a civil parish in cheshire west and chester , england .
piru is located in the santa clara river valley .
jasper county is part of the laurel , ms micropolitan statistical area .
athens is a village in marathon county , wisconsin , united state .
the regiment took part in the battle of gettysburg .
the 1978 tour de france was the 65th edition of the tour de france , one of cycling 's grand tour .
the morgan horse also was an ancestor of the missouri fox trotter .
the former cev cup was renamed to cev challenge cup .
machine gun etiquette is the third studio album by english punk rock band the damned .
marysville is home to ohio reformatory for woman .
korsakov is the 2016 bandy champion of sakhalin .
the association football club zenit-izhevsk play in the russian professional football league .
soltau is a small river of lower saxony , germany .
saxony is part of central germany as a cultural area .
éire óg , inis gaa club is a gaelic athletic association club in ennis , county clare , republic of ireland .
antidesmeae is a tribe of the plant family phyllanthaceae .
the central west is a region of new south wale , australia .
the quilt is and is in the victoria and albert museum in london .
mawogola county lies in the dry cattle corridor of uganda .
north pocono high school is located at 97 bochicchio blvd , covington township , pennsylvania .
ellsworth is a town in pierce county , wisconsin , united state .
the ionian school included such thinker as thales , anaximander , anaximenes , heraclitus , anaxagoras , and archelaus .
vindafjord is a municipality in rogaland county , norway .
the foundation is the first major-label studio album by american country music band zac brown band .
ingatestone is a village in essex , england .
the university of novi sad ( , ) is a public university in novi sad , serbia .
zamboanga sibugay was formerly part of zamboanga del sur .
in geometry , the sphenocorona is one of the
john 20 is the twentieth chapter of the gospel of john in the new testament .
new house , or newhouse , is a hamlet in county durham , england .
mount oliver is a south neighborhood of pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
olympian and activist tommie smith and john carlos trained on the track before their famous 1968 olympics black power salute in mexico city .
quilpie ( ) is a rural town and locality in the shire of quilpie , queensland , australia .
easthampton is a city in hampshire county , massachusetts , united state .
council bluff recreation area surrounds the lake .
the national highway 163 begin here and connects to warangal , hyderabad in telangana .
rogers hornsby became a full-time second baseman .
kuching , kota kinabalu , and miri are the only three place with city status in east malaysia .
the national intelligence service ( nis , ) is the chief intelligence agency of south korea .
red fox dominate kit and swift fox .
the following new york city subway station serve 34th street :
abelian category are the most general setting for homological algebra .
tuili borders the following municipality : barumini , gesturi , las plassas , pauli arbarei , setzu , turri .
grundy center is also the county seat of grundy county .
trenbolone acetate is a modified form of nandrolone .
gorgo al monticano borders the following municipality : chiarano , mansuè , meduna di livenza , motta di livenza , oderzo , pasiano di pordenone .
rossmore ( ) is a small village and townland in county tipperary in republic of ireland .
his son uno von troil ( 1746–1803 ) also served as archbishop of uppsala .
jennifer gentle is an italian psychedelic rock band .
centreboard are often ballasted in keelboat .
the londonderry and enniskillen railway ( l & er ) was an irish gauge ( ) railway in ireland .
green day played it live briefly on their 21st century breakdown 21st century breakdown world tour .
islam , defeated islam and drove it out of mecca ”
azərbaycan marşı ( ) is the national anthem of azerbaijan .
carthage is a city in hancock county , illinois , united state .
earlestown owes its location , indeed its very existence , to the liverpool and manchester railway .
yu hao ( , 970 ) was a chinese structural engineer , architect , artist , and writer during the song dynasty .
hc gomel is a handball club from gomel , belarus .
miastko is a pkp railway station in miastko ( pomeranian voivodeship ) , poland .
ma tau wai estate ( ) is the oldest existing public housing estate in kowloon city district .
oman played its first game in 2010 during the inaugural gulf ice hockey championship .
one week after the murder , yekaterinburg fell to the anti-bolshevik white army .
crofton is a city in knox county , nebraska , united state .
that night imperial japanese navy force attacked the allied ship in the battle of savo island sinking `` canberra '' .
heredia is a canton in the heredia province of costa rica .
la rousse was incorporated in monte carlo .
the sega cd version supports the konami justifier light gun .
the east clare way is a long-distance trail in county clare , republic of ireland .
soyo airport and mbanza congo airport have paved runway and regular flight to luanda .
sapouy is the capital of the province of ziro in burkina faso .
methyl nitrate is a sensitive explosive .
below presidio , the rio conchos restores the flow of water .
chivas usa competed in major league soccer 's western conference .
worsley old hall is a grade ii listed building near walkden road .
west bengal power development corporation operates 2 x 250 mw santaldih thermal power station .
james percy owen cowlishaw ( 1867—1925 ) was an architect in queensland , australia .
chinese taipei participated in the 2010 summer youth olympics in singapore .
venus williams defeated lindsay davenport , 6–1 , 6–4
the kingdom of italy annexed it after world war i according to the treaty of london and later treaty of rapallo .
in 1982 , paul biya became the second president of cameroon .
the appalachian trail also runs through michaux state forest .
three commercial airport also operate in the bay of plenty : tauranga airport , rotorua airport and whakatane airport .
akkar district ( ) is the only district in akkar governorate , lebanon .
his 70.8 passer rating was 28th among nfl quarterback .
bywell is in the parliamentary constituency of hexham .
raffaella reggi defeated anne minter 6–0 , 6–4
triumf is canada 's national particle accelerator centre .
daoukro is a town in east-central ivory coast .
the pioneer library system operates branch library in nine city in pottawatomie , cleveland , and mcclain county .
naumburg cathedral is unesco world heritage site .
james city county is to the west and south and york county to the north and east .
the mullica river is a river in southern new jersey in the united state .
first alakshmi emerges , then lakshmi appears during the samudra manthan .
los lagos ( ) is a chilean city and commune in valdivia province , los ríos region .
mississippi valley state university is a census-designated place in leflore county , mississippi , united state .
santa rosa de lima is a municipality in la unión department of el salvador .
javascript enables interactive web page and is an essential part of web application .
cà mau is served by cà mau airport .
at the federal level , reading is located within ohio 's 2nd congressional district .
burlington is the medium center of northern and central vermont .
palhoça is a municipality in santa catarina , brazil .
seward county is a county in the u.s. state of nebraska .
he next took on the reigning queen mother champion chase winner voy por ustedes in the grade 1 tingle creek chase at sandown .
after romanian war of independence , romania lost southern bessarabia and received northern dobruja .
rower or the rower ( ) is a small village in county kilkenny , republic of ireland .
this was the last time that ralf schumacher scored in formula one .
eastlake is a city in lake county , ohio , united state .
poley mountain is a known ski resort in southern new brunswick .
the prophecy is part of both the jewish account of history and christian eschatology .
the archdiocese of turku is the oldest diocese in finland .
atransferrinemia is associated with a deficiency in transferrin .
horwich is a civil parish in the metropolitan borough of bolton , greater manchester , england .
entropy is conserved for a reversible process .
the semi-disused montgomery canal also runs through welshpool .
staten island has a palestinian community , found in the new springville area .
nim support multi-line multi-expression anonymous function .
harriet tubman underground railroad national historical park is a national park service unit in the u.s. state of maryland .
wormleysburg is a borough in cumberland county , pennsylvania , united state .
christo van rensburg defeated paul chamberlin 6–4 , 7–6 , 6–3
flow also offers lte in kingston .
phelps is a village in ontario county , new york , united state .
elko county is part of the elko , nv micropolitan statistical area .
melanocyte produce two type of melanin .
penn township is a township in north central lancaster county , pennsylvania , united state .
starting from the third spot , dick rathmann led 70 lap and finished behind herb thomas .
in 2001 , rhino entertainment released the film on dvd .
zygaena hilaris is a specie of moth in the family zygaenidae .
albany is a new england town in carroll county , new hampshire , united state .
robert owen was a millowner in new lanark .
reynella is a metropolitan suburb of adelaide , south australia .
newman airport is an airport near newman , western australia .
coldplay performed the song at the 2008 viva la vida tour .
pakri barawan is a town in the nawada district of the indian state of bihar .
jaklapallisaurus is a genus of unaysaurid sauropodomorph dinosaur .
sea girt is a borough in monmouth county , new jersey , united state .
ergogroup merged with edb business partner in 2010 , creating evry .
simon diamond and johnny swinger were a professional wrestling tag team in extreme championship wrestling and total nonstop action wrestling .
buford pusser served as the sheriff of mcnairy county from 1964 to 1970 .
maxwell is a city in story county , iowa , united state .
the madison county school system runs several school in harvest .
irishtown ( ) is the neighborhood in kilkenny in ireland around st canice 's cathedral .
the royal exchange square is a public square in glasgow , scotland .
skolegade is one of the oldest street in aarhus .
mount desert island bedrock consists mainly of cadillac mountain granite .
the chakma language is another native eastern indo-aryan language of bangladesh .
just like tony soprano , david chase spent time in psychotherapy .
billie jean king / owen davidson defeated rosie casals / stan smith 6–3 , 6–2
willamette university is a private university in salem , oregon .
the president of the board of trade is head of the board of trade .
ncaa season 90 is the 2014–2015 collegiate athletic year of the national collegiate athletic association in the philippine .
the kiel institute for the world economy is also affiliated with kiel university .
tazrouk is a district in tamanrasset province , algeria .
bolívar is a town and municipality in the cauca department , colombia .
the new york public library ( nypl ) operates two branch in east harlem :
the rakaia river is one of the largest braided river in new zealand .
mallee is semi-arid , with a warm , dry , mediterranean climate .
the bishop of london is the ordinary of the church of england diocese of london in the province of canterbury .
north tamborine is located from the gold coast .
this hydrolase enzyme is specific for trehalose .
the field coil may be on the stator or on the rotor .
the stone wall was made out of concrete and granite .
knox is a town in price county , wisconsin , united state .
parramatta was the furthest navigable point inland on the parramatta river ( i.e .
each trophic level transforms energy into biomass .
capital citybus was a bus operator in london operating service under contract to london regional transport .
sandy mayer defeated tom gullikson 6–4 , 6–4
the gulf of urabá is a gulf on the northern coast of colombia .
the great northern railway opened the halt on its portadown — omagh line .
livingston is the county seat of park county , montana , united state .
denmark competed at the 2000 summer olympics in sydney , australia .
montana is home to the rocky mountain elk foundation and has a historic big game hunting tradition .
arrochar and tarbet railway station is a railway station on the west highland line in scotland .
safrole can be found in anise , nutmeg , cinnamon , and black pepper .
during the supplication , shia imam husayn ibn ali praises allah .
methylphenidate is used for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder .
social environment and social emotion being a stimulus for indignation .
sullivan county school district operates two school : sullivan county elementary school and sullivan county junior senior high school .
taveta is a town in the taita-taveta county , kenya .
madagascar and south africa are two neighboring country in southern africa with a long history .
after the third italian war of independence austria also fortified the new eastern border with the veneto .
footstool were made of wood .
seirijai is a small town in alytus county in southern lithuania .
in 1782 , the north carolina general assembly elected martin governor of north carolina .
benty grange is a area of grassland in monyash parish in derbyshire , england .
bučje is a village in požega-slavonia county , croatia .
the armenian catholic church has 2 convent in syria :
hana airport is a subordinate of the maui district official .
khulna is a port on the rupsha and bhairab river .
the administrative centre of the municipality is the village of inndyr .
in 1802 , simferopol became the administrative centre of the taurida governorate .
in the knee the quadriceps and patellar tendon can sometimes tear .
isambard kingdom brunel visited him at the cardiff works in 1839 .
householder 's method of order 1 is just newton 's method , since :
the university of texas at dallas , also referred to as ut dallas or utd , is a public research university in the university of texas system .
unlike south ossetia , abkhazia has never recognised dpr .
damon is from the san bernard river and from the brazos river .
a biologist might propose the hypothesis that feather are adaptation for bird flight .
valdobbiadene ( ) is a town in the province of treviso , veneto , italy .
the clinton township school district serves child in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade .
hankasalmi is a municipality of finland .
the backseat boyz were well known for their work in combat zone wrestling .
blarney town is a major tourist attraction in cork .
the carrie ladd was an important early steamboat on the lower columbia and lower willamette river .
in 2019 , ursula von der leyen was appointed as the next president of the european commission .
the old college lawn tennis and croquet club is on the east side of gallery road .
joakim nyström defeated stefan edberg 4–6 , 6–0 , 6–3
on 8 march 1948 , miraj senior acceded to the dominion of india .
nightwish is a symphonic metal band from kitee , finland .
the administrative centre was the village of sjøholt .
calmar is a city in winneshiek county , iowa , united state .
kaysville is a city in davis county , utah .
clinton township is a township in saint louis county , minnesota , united state .
east cambridgeshire district council is the local authority for the east cambridgeshire district in england .
during world war ii castel del rio was located across the gothic line .
yellow grass has had three contribution to the national hockey league .
the eastern air defense sector is part of the u.s. continental norad region .
he was released after the thermidorian reaction put an end to the reign of terror .
orang ulu is an ethnic group in sarawak .
dark urine is a sign of dehydration .
argument map can also represent counterargument .
the spectral bat is exclusively carnivorous , consuming bird , rodent , and other specie of bat .
marc rosset was the defending champion , but lost in the second round to renzo furlan .
arnulf de montgomery appointed gerald de windsor as his castellan at pembroke .
so shiva ran and prayed to vishnu for help .
the bone valley subdivision also intersects with the achan subdivision in achan .
the mascot is a cougar .
petroselinic acid is a positional isomer of oleic acid .
hampstead became part of the larger london borough of camden .
mummidivaram is an assembly constituency in andhra pradesh .
patna is the second largest city in eastern india .
the nearest airport ( biju patnaik airport ) is at bhubaneswar nearly 60 km via cuttack .
the fort pitt tunnel is a vehicular tunnel under mount washington in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
the transitional federal charter of the somali republic ( tfc ) was the principle organizing document of somalia .
bc transit is headquartered in victoria , british columbia .
lichtenvoorde-groenlo is a railway station for lichtenvoorde and groenlo .
the battle of morar in 1602 was fought between the clan mackenzie and clan macdonell of glengarry .
hermann hesse described the atmosphere in the short novel journey to the east .
inflation and baryogenesis remain more speculative feature of current big bang model .
alderley edge is a civil parish in cheshire east , england .
juniata township is a township in blair county , pennsylvania , united state .
jasper is a city in pickens county , georgia , united state .
the scout association runs five campsite in hong kong .
commerce high school is the only high school in commerce .
the gemma doyle trilogy is a trilogy of fantasy novel by american writer libba bray .
hermética is the debut album by argentine thrash metal band hermética , released in 1989 .
the punta del este eprix is held on the punta del este street circuit .
bachata is a social dance from the dominican republic in the caribbean .
in general , jet engine are internal combustion engine .
in 1989 , hurricane hugo hit charleston .
chinati is an unincorporated community in presidio county , texas , united state .
schoolcraft township is a township in hubbard county , minnesota , united state .
in 1972 , binod bihari mahato , shibu soren and a. k. roy founded jharkhand mukti morcha .
monte porzio catone borders the following municipality : frascati , grottaferrata , monte compatri and rome .
belarus has an embassy in ashgabat .
in the california state legislature , templeton is in , and in .
xishan district occupies the western bank of dian lake .
a bowl barrow is a type of burial mound or tumulus .
guettarda is a plant genus in the family rubiaceae .
trish stratus was inducted by stephanie mcmahon .
waynesville is a village in dewitt county , illinois , united state .
sukhothai is 12 km west of the modern city of sukhothai thani .
seaside park is a borough in ocean county , new jersey , united state .
seabrook is a small coastal village in kent , england .
like mysql , drizzle support concurrent multiple engine .
nowadays telšiai is the 12th largest city in lithuania .
kennedale is a city in tarrant county , texas , united state .
heron 's formula and brahmagupta 's formula are both special case of bretschneider 's formula for the area of a quadrilateral .
ronnie o'sullivan defeated martin gould 6–3 , after leading 5–0 .
elk horn is a city in shelby county , iowa , united state .
worcester cathedral is the host of the annual graduation ceremony for the university of worcester .
graham farmer freeway continues into burswood as a six lane freeway .
stapleford lies on the border between nottinghamshire and derbyshire .
( highland community college is older , but was not founded as a junior college . )
conservatori superior de música del liceu ( ) is a music college in barcelona , catalonia , spain .
campora san giovanni overlooks the coast of the tyrrhenian sea .
yggdrasil is the world tree of norse mythology .
platinum and palladium are traded on the london platinum and palladium market .
every outerplanar graph is a planar graph .
john sadri defeated andrés gómez 4–6 , 6–1 , 6–4
samson road is a major east–west street in caloocan , northern metro manila , philippine .
knowlton township is a township in warren county , new jersey , united state .
the current njombe district are njombe rural district and njombe urban district .
the following new york city subway station serve wakefield :
cottonseed is the seed of the cotton plant .
harold bloom included it in `` the western canon '' ( 1994 ) .
the inn forms the border to bavaria .
lipid droplet bud off the membrane of the endoplasmic reticulum .
noa and dor have performed on numerous occasion with the israel philharmonic orchestra .
just like old panvel , new panvel is a node of navi mumbai .
björn phau won in the final 6–4 , 6–2 , against simone bolelli .
the 2009–10 pba season was the 35th season of the philippine basketball association ( pba ) .
kabale is a town in the western region of uganda .
the next day the pathet lao marched into long tieng unopposed .
southwest harbor is a town in hancock county , maine , united state .
norton conyers is a civil parish in north yorkshire , england , north of ripon .
tecumseh was among the shawnee at fort recovery .
bengaluru fc flagged february off with a home game against sporting clube de goa .
walker township is a township in centre county , pennsylvania , united state .
aghaloo is a civil parish in county tyrone , northern ireland .
zabré is a department or commune of boulgou province in eastern burkina faso .
serena williams defeated marion bartoli , 7–5 , 6–1
sarkhej is an important godown area for ahmedabad .
the regiment served in the army of the potomac and the union army of the shenandoah .
additionally , land use is of critical importance for biodiversity .
water transport in mumbai consists of ferry , hovercraft and catamaran .
micronix is a genus of moth of the family crambidae .
gondia has bus connectivity to jabalpur , nagpur , raipur and hyderabad .
overmonnow is a community electoral ward for monmouth town council , electing four town councillor .
silver , platinum and gold are best known precious metal .
groveland is a town in essex county , massachusetts , united state .
anibal zahle basketball team was part of the lebanese basketball league a division .
southern wisconsin regional airport is a public airport north of beloit in rock county .
zumhofe was trained by verne gagne along with ricky steamboat , scott irwin and the iron sheik .
south carthay is a neighborhood in central los angeles , california .
stadion essen , is a stadium in essen , germany .
the quran speaks of the queen of sheba , also known as bilqis .
chesterfield township is a township in burlington county , new jersey , united state .
silvânia is a municipality in southcentral goiás state , brazil .
in 2013 , sealy hill was inducted into the canadian horse racing hall of fame .
cowan creek is located in new south wale , australia .
prospect park is a borough in passaic county , new jersey , united state .
this chine is one of the largest on the isle of wight .
medstar good samaritan hospital is a hospital in baltimore .
st john 's played a role in the english civil war .
the satpura range lies to the north of vidarbha region in madhya pradesh .
belfast bloomfield was a constituency of the parliament of northern ireland .
venda or tshivenda is a bantu language and an official language of south africa .
since 1945 , togo uses the west african cfa franc .
permanent thinning or hair loss can result from some standard chemotherapy regimen .
smithton is completely surrounded by south huntingdon township
barr township is a township in cambria county , pennsylvania , in the united state .
jana novotná / jim pugh defeated elizabeth smylie / patrick mcenroe 7–5 , 6–3
the new jersey turnpike ( interstate 95 ) pass through east brunswick .
the eastern conference leading vote-getter is dwight howard with 2,099,204 vote .
similar input method include telex and vni .
phloroglucinol & phloretic acid gives 30 % yield of phloretin .
the constitutional court of ukraine ( ) is the sole body of constitutional jurisdiction in ukraine .
the gabonese union for democracy and development ( , ugdd ) was a political party in gabon .
lunfardo is also spoken in uruguay .
pattukkottai taluk is a taluk of thanjavur district of the indian state of tamil nadu .
burntisland railway station is a railway station in the town of burntisland , fife , scotland .
daisetta is a city in liberty county , texas , united state .
chickpea serve as an energy and protein source as animal feed .
center township is home to two college , penn state beaver and community college of beaver county .
several eurostar italia train between milan and rome stop in rogoredo .
east haven also contains stony island , approximately from east haven town beach in long island sound .
the government of telangana provides fund and award for the improvement of telangana .
john eliot started nipmuc praying indian village .
the dieze flows into the meuse near hedel .
jakob hlasek defeated christo van rensburg 6–7 , 6–4 , 6–1 , 7–6
in the california state legislature , miranda is in , and .
sauk city is a village in sauk county , wisconsin , united state .
the saranac river flows through the city into lake champlain .
`` kansan uutiset '' still appears and since 2000 it has been the organ of left alliance .
a late-eifelian-faunal stage marine anoxic event also associated with an extinction event .
strathewen is located near the kinglake national park .
herrerasauridae is a family of carnivorous basal saurischian dinosaur .
the university of illinois at chicago ( uic ) is a public research university in chicago , illinois .
the movement ends in a picardy third .
ponte san nicolò border the following municipality : albignasego , casalserugo , legnaro , padua , polverara .
the queer theory creates a space outside the gender binary .
kropyvnytskyi is in the central region of ukraine .
penn township is a township in westmoreland county , pennsylvania , united state .
the exosome complex is the target of autoantibody in patient suffering from various autoimmune disease .
oxidative stress is the major cause of dna fragmentation in spermatozoon .
rahway is home to the union county performing art center .
paul lambert replaced williams as colchester manager .
balagolla belongs to kandy administrative district in central province .
linz airport is just from traun .
east ardsley is a village in the city of leeds metropolitan borough , in west yorkshire , england .
the deep fascia of the lower leg is a continuation of the fascia lata .
in 1991 , ike & tina turner were inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
greenleaf is an unincorporated community in lane county , oregon , united state .
john fitzgerald defeated andrei chesnokov 6–3 , 6–4
pseudallescheria boydii is a specie of fungus classified in the ascomycota .
consequently the former taifa of murcia would become part of the crown of castile .
encephalitis is inflammation of the human brain .
wylliesburg is an unincorporated community in charlotte county , virginia , united state .
floodwood is a city in saint louis county , minnesota , united state .
porvoo was capital of the former eastern uusimaa region .
in august 2008 , afghan president hamid karzai visited new delhi .
cuba township is a civil township in lake county , illinois , usa .
langton dock is a dock on the river mersey , england , and part of the port of liverpool .
on 1 february 2015 , bbc knowledge launched on australian iptv service fetch tv .
arichat is a canadian village in nova scotia .
every perfectly orderable graph is a perfect graph .
senai is a town and mukim in kulai district , johor , malaysia .
most main sequence star are dwarf star .
karel nováček defeated emilio sánchez 6–2 , 6–4
the dominican summer league indian are a minor league baseball team in boca chica , dominican republic .
geta and alicho werero woredas were separated from gumer .
in 1499 , kelantan became a vassal state of the malacca sultanate .
the black and tan coonhound is a dog breed of hunting dog .
the lake okeechobee scenic trail run through belle glade .
luxembourg competed at the 1988 summer olympics in seoul , south korea .
stickney is a village in cook county , illinois , united state .
camino real is a 1953 play by tennessee williams .
arkhangelsk oblast is one of the industrial region of russia .
palermo then became a possession of carthage .
in the california state legislature , point arena is in , and .
the frigate arrived in subic bay on 2 july .
tour ep 1 ( alternatively called old ) is an ep from vancouver punk rock band nomeansno .
štúrovo and mužla are now in slovakia .
võnnu was the administrative centre of võnnu parish .
the radula is as usual in the helicidae .
a journey is a memoir by tony blair of his tenure as prime minister of the united kingdom .
fujifilm finland has its headquarters in vantaa .
a re-booted patrick racing arrived at indy with driver scott pruett .
auburn is a borough in schuylkill county , pennsylvania , united state .
soulby is a civil parish in the eden district , cumbria , england .
nairobi is situated between the city of kampala and mombasa .
both picturetel corp. and polycom had initial public offering .
tim henman defeated dominik hrbatý , 6–2 , 6–2 .
ioannina is the wettest city in greece .
the constitution establishes a government under a parliamentary system .
rowley is a small village and civil parish in the east riding of yorkshire , england .
a liquid is a fluid .
kalawao county lacks a local , county government .
lord speaker thus elected then replaced the lord chancellor on the woolsack .
lichterfelde west became part of greater berlin in 1920 .
the shamrock has since become a central symbol for saint patrick 's day .
salt lake county is the central county of the salt lake city metropolitan area .
freedom is located along wisconsin highway 55 north of kaukauna .
wudinna is a town in south australia .
bukit seguntang is the highest point in palembang city .
shaun ryan is an australian rule football field umpire in the australian football league .
burke is located in northeastern franklin county .
the coimbatore international airport is located in the outskirt of chinniampalayam .
kingsborough community college ( kbcc ) is a public community college in brooklyn , new york .
cottontail rabbit are also in the game lands and pheasant are stocked there .
iporanga is a municipality in the state of são paulo in brazil .
calhoun is a city in gordon county , georgia , united state .
affine symmetry group represent translation .
enstatite is a common mineral in meteorite .
rab27 is a member of the rab subfamily of gtpases .
the moira river flows to the bay of quinte on lake ontario .
the larva feed on `` elaeagnus '' specie .
west coast division ( ) is an administrative division of sabah , malaysia .
in the california state legislature , meadow valley is in , and .
extremadura is a region in spain near portugal .
gender mainstreaming in mine action is the application of gender mainstreaming to mine action .
schallodenbach is municipality in the district kaiserslautern of rhineland-palatinate , germany .
the emirate of dubai extends along the persian gulf coast of the uae for approximately .
fandane , thiouthioune and somb were part of the pre-colonial serer kingdom of sine now part of independent senegal .
daiei star owner masaichi nagata was the first president of the pacific league .
maumelle is a city in pulaski county , arkansas , united state .
khabul khan successfully repelled the invasion of jin dynasty .
princeton community high school is a four-year comprehensive secondary school in princeton , indiana .
valmiera was a member of the hanseatic league from the 14th–16th century .
new haven is a town in addison county , vermont , united state .
subtilisin is a serine protease in prokaryote .
similarly , iodine is the least volatile of the halogen .
the trace defines a bilinear form :
most filter paper are made on small paper machine .
the ana river provides critical riparian habitat in an otherwise dry high desert basin .
balgal beach is a coastal suburb and a beach in the city of townsville , queensland , australia .
gunnawarra is a rural locality in the tableland region , queensland , australia .
dario resta won the race by over six minute over howdy wilcox .
the ministry of social justice and empowerment is a government of india ministry .
thunder bay transit is the public transit operator in thunder bay , ontario , canada .
kent police college is located on coverdale avenue , maidstone .
françois pidou de saint olon died in paris on 27 september 1720 .
maria was a sister of eucherius and thermantia .
today , the pennyfield lock and restored lock house are part of the chesapeake and ohio canal national historical park .
mount carmel area school district is a small , rural , public school district in northumberland county , pennsylvania .
bintangor is the capital of the meradong district in the sarikei division .
showell is an unincorporated community in worcester county , maryland , united state .
its mason temple was named after the denomination 's founder , charles harrison mason .
rather , west germany effectively absorbed east germany .
dudley is a ghost town in wapello county , iowa , united state .
our lady of the lake university ( ollu ) , known locally as the lake , is a catholic university in san antonio , texas .
atlanta 's john marshall law school ( ajmls ) is a private for-profit law school in atlanta , georgia .
the mouth opens into a flattened pharynx .
the model turned hong kong film actress lives in singapore .
type metal is an alloy of lead .
kallang river is now part of the water catchment area for the marina reservoir .
pennsylvania state senate district 16 includes part of lehigh county .
a caledonian macbrayne ferry operates between mallaig and armadale throughout the year .
county route 505 is the main north–south road in the borough .
the margaret river is a river in the kimberley of western australia .
the pre-colonial kingdom of sine now lies within present-day senegal .
placentia ( ) is a city in northern orange county , california .
iran is also a major oil supplier to spain and italy .
union township is a township in hunterdon county , new jersey , united state .
southern ireland shortly afterwards became the irish free state .
bythorn is a village in cambridgeshire , england .
tây ninh ( ) is a provincial city in south-eastern vietnam .
the third movement serf as a scherzo .
vasil levski national military university is one of the oldest military university in bulgaria .
louise jameson makes her final appearance as leela in `` the invasion of time '' .
primrose lake is a large lake in saskatchewan and alberta , canada .
raamsdonk is a village in the province of north brabant , netherlands .
mount berlin is geothermally active , the only volcano in marie byrd land with such activity .
emperor gaozong of song executed yue fei after the treaty .
insanity radio 103.2fm is a local radio station with studio in egham .
elkton is a city in douglas county , oregon , united state .
amtrak train serve portland union station .
dover is a borough in york county , pennsylvania , united state .
pontesbury is a civil parish in shropshire , england .
in 1986 poland initiated contact with israel .
beta decay is the release of a beta particle , a high-energy electron .
north hertfordshire was a parliamentary constituency in hertfordshire .
shrewsbury township surrounds the borough of shrewsbury , glen rock , railroad , and new freedom .
the kyabazinga of busoga is the ruler of the kingdom of busoga in uganda .
in 2012 , lance armstrong was pursuing qualification into the 2012 ironman world championship .
the mesolimbic pathway is implicated in schizophrenia , depression , and parkinson 's disease .
freienbach is a municipality in höfe district in the canton of schwyz in switzerland .
the west virginia county include brooke , hancock , marshall and ohio .
steve albini was another important influence on the grunge sound .
cleridae are a family of beetle of the superfamily cleroidea .
brown earth is a type of soil .
the little andaman group is the counterpart of the great andaman island group .
an air compressor is a specific type of gas compressor .
laraine newman impersonated wertmüller twice on `` saturday night live '' .
spaccio giannoni is a small village ( `` curazia '' ) of san marino .
midday meal scheme is the name for the school meal program in kerala .
ridley township is a township in delaware county , pennsylvania , united state .
the swiss franc is used in switzerland and in liechtenstein .
split enz were a new zealand new wave band from auckland .
kollam or quilon is a thickly populated city in kerala , india .
streptomycin is the first-in-class aminoglycoside antibiotic .
eagle village is part of the alaska gateway school district .
prairie valley independent school district is a public school district in north central montague county , texas ( usa ) .
william beck and jaye griffith continue as consultant dylan keogh and elle gardner .
cēsu alus is a brewery and alcohol beverage producer in cēsis , latvia .
harris is a city in sullivan county , missouri , united state .
divided cieszyn silesia as well as former austrian silesia are historical part of upper silesia .
whitford is a suburb in south-east auckland , new zealand .
many menhir are engraved with megalithic art .
wyoming highway 374 is the original alignment of u.s. route 30 from near granger to green river .
east germany was the most advanced industrial nation of the eastern bloc .
diego simeone had also tried it occasionally at club atlético river plate .
nucleotide can be separated into purine and pyrimidine .
wwe smackdown general manager theodore long then called for a battle royal to take place .
caln township is a part of the coatesville school district .
the pipeline was one of the earliest american internet service provider .
the home depot coach of the year award is given annually to college football 's top head coach .
rowlett high school enrolls student in grade 9-12 and is a part of the garland independent school district .
a tree hollow is a cavity in a living tree .
the battalion returned to fort riley in september 2004 .
abdication is the resignation of a monarch .
brooklyn historic railway association is also planning light rail in red hook , brooklyn .
cohesin interacts with the chromatin at specific locus .
classical chinese literature began in the spring and autumn period .
springhill township is a township in fayette county , pennsylvania , united state .
hunt is an unincorporated community in western kerr county , texas .
his son , john tory , is the current mayor of toronto and former progressive conservative party of ontario leader .
manesar is just four kilometer from pataudi road .
jackson edward betts was born in findlay , ohio .
carroll county is part of indiana 's 4th congressional district and is represented by jim baird in the united state congress .
preet vihar is an upscale residential area in east delhi district of delhi .
the township comprises six village : gufeng , lishan , lunshan , taiping , zhuoqing and zhuoxi .
minneota is a city in lyon county , minnesota , united state .
bloomfield township is located in northern bedford county .
lewisville is a village in monroe county , ohio , united state .
carey is a city in blaine county , idaho , united state .
ac kajaani was a football club from kajaani , finland .
brooke is an unincorporated community in stafford county , virginia , united state .
the bsd daemon , nicknamed beastie , is the generic mascot of bsd operating system .
bismuth oxychloride is an inorganic compound of bismuth with the chemical formula biocl .
strategic planning became prominent in corporation during the 1960s and remains an important aspect of strategic management .
the mityana district is a district in the central region of uganda .
cedar county is on the northern edge of nebraska .
sven coster is the son of dick coster .
padre hurtado ( ) is a chilean commune in the talagante province , in the santiago metropolitan region .
queen ingrid 's hospital ( ) is a hospital in nuuk , greenland .
vineyard haven is the main village/town center of tisbury .
after zhanran , tiantai declined once again .
woodcock is a borough in crawford county , pennsylvania , united state .
old quebec ( ) is a historic neighbourhood of quebec city , quebec , canada .
`` lady godiva of coventry '' ( 1955 ) was a period swashbuckler with maureen o'hara .
maplewood is an unincorporated community in pierce county , washington , usa .
the a77 road is the main route towards ayr .
bergpark wilhelmshöhe is a landscape park in kassel , germany .
marojejy national park ( ) is a national park in the sava region of northeastern madagascar .
virginia ruano pascual / paola suárez defeated daniela hantuchová / ai sugiyama , 6–3 , 6–4
in the california state legislature , newell is in , and .
barrington is a borough in camden county , new jersey , united state .
woodmont is one of 9 borough in connecticut .
da nang international airport is located in da nang , the largest city in central vietnam .
sandy lane is a village and civil parish to the north of bradford , west yorkshire , england .
quillan is a railway station in quillan , occitanie , france .
until 1918 , the serbian dinar was the currency of serbia .
below , on an altar sits the monstrance .
gradsko municipality is part of the vardar statistical region .
the stirling and dunfermline railway was a railway in scotland connecting stirling and dunfermline .
the larva feed on `` combretum apiculatum '' .
mdma also induces significant norepinephrine release .
wfla serf as the flagship for the tampa bay lightning national hockey league team .
untere argen is a river of baden-württemberg and bavaria , germany .
hassall is a civil parish in cheshire east , england .
the seminary is named after pope john paul ii .
wildcat creek culminates in the wildcat marsh and thence to san pablo bay .
the undertaker defeated robert at wrestlemania viii .
gyeongju is located about north of busan .
the pine mountain range is a long ridge in meriwether county , georgia , harris county , georgia , and talbot county , georgia .
astley green is the southernmost colliery on the manchester coalfield .
willem ii plays its home match in the koning willem ii stadion , also named after the king .
nickel nitrate is a carcinogen , along with most other nickel compound .
panchen sonam dragpa ( ) ( 1478–1554 ) was the fifteenth ganden tripa or throneholder of ganden monastery .
atlantic beach is a town in carteret county , north carolina , united state .
the japanese archipelago separates the sea from the pacific ocean .
in 1776 , morton became part of ridley township and springfield township .
the eastern continental divide follows the appalachian mountain from pennsylvania to georgia .
michel de montaigne was buchanan 's pupil at bordeaux and acted in his tragedy .
mott is a city in hettinger county , north dakota , united state .
maxfield township is one of fourteen township in bremer county , iowa , usa .
almeda is within the houston independent school district ( hisd ) .
in the california state legislature , rialto is in , and in .
candy reynolds / paula smith defeated chris evert-lloyd / virginia ruzici 7–5 , 6–1
andy roddick defeated nicolas kiefer , 6–2 , 6–3
the ebro flows to the mediterranean sea .
jim mcmanus / raúl ramírez defeated anand amritraj / vijay amritraj 6–2 , 6–4
ruili is on the border with myanmar .
mapo district ( ) is one of the 25 district of seoul , south korea .
the andhra pradesh state road transport corporation operates bus service from naidupeta bus station .
86th street is an express metro station on the irt lexington avenue line of the new york city subway .
staten island mall is a shopping mall in new springville , staten island , new york city .
vallesaurus is an extinct genus of late triassic elyurosaur drepanosauromorph .
in 2000 , thailand hosted the 2000 afc futsal championship in bangkok .
greenland is an autonomous territory within the kingdom of denmark .
scala street is a street in the london borough of camden that runs between charlotte street and whitfield street .
the belleisle bay ferry is a cable ferry in the canadian province of new brunswick .
the basque pelota club train on the village fronton .
common fatty acid include lauric acid , stearic acid , and oleic acid .
morrison bluff is a town in logan county , arkansas , united state .
haigh is a civil parish in the metropolitan borough of wigan , greater manchester , england .
2008 - liviko acquired subsidiary in latvia and lithuania .
castelbianco borders the following municipality : arnasco , erli , nasino , onzo , vendone , and zuccarello .
yima is in the western part of henan .
high bridge is a borough in hunterdon county , new jersey , united state .
town in mareka gena included wacca and weldehane .
its habitat is river .
german braille is one of the older braille alphabet .
emigrant sits between the absaroka range and the gallatin range in paradise valley .
the staffordshire way is a long-distance walk in staffordshire , england .
biltmore forest is a town in buncombe county , north carolina , united state .
whale shark have five large pair of gill .
stark state college ( stark state ) is a public college in stark county , ohio .
two baptismal font remain in the church .
east mountain road is the longest road in westfield .
ramapuram is a neighbourhood in the western part of chennai , india .
the longleaf pine is the official state tree of alabama .
matteson is a village in cook county , illinois , united state .
czech handball became very popular during the german occupation of czechoslovakia in world war ii .
the seaward part of the village lies within the north devon coast , an area of outstanding natural beauty .
conditional probability is one of the most important and fundamental concept in probability theory .
at first mary of guise stayed at linlithgow palace .
ercilla is a chilean town and commune in the malleco province , araucanía region .
king city is a city in washington county , oregon , united state .
the northwest indian war ended with the treaty of greenville in 1795 .
cape canaveral is part of the diocese of orlando .
the marsh is home to mammal , bird , amphibian , reptile , fish and invertebrate .
the mass consists of six movement .
sambreville ( ) is a walloon municipality in namur province , belgium .
szczecin has been the capital of the west pomeranian voivodeship since 1999 .
besides bunga , the following honey badger appears in `` the lion guard '' :
el rey is the seventh studio album by the wedding present .
gold mining is the resource extraction of gold by mining .
abarkuh county ( ) is a county in yazd province in iran .
čemernica ( ilijaš ) is a village in the municipality of ilijaš , bosnia and herzegovina .
the kolkata municipal corporation is located at in kolkata , west bengal .
cheduba island lies about from the southwestern coast of ramree island .
william byron and jimmie johnson drove past kevin harvick and byron held off johnson to win .
andy murray defeated novak djokovic 7–6 , 7–6
microsoft would distribute the product via santa cruz operation .
renamo had a stronghold in the area during the mozambican civil war .
the heisman trophy was awarded to roger staubach of navy .
local nature reserve ( lnr ) is a designation for nature reserve in great britain .
standardized roman currency was used throughout the roman empire .
douglas township is a township in dakota county , minnesota , united state .
rue monnot ( ) , is a street in beirut , lebanon .
blaenhonddan is a community of the neath port talbot county borough , south wale .
montvale is a borough in bergen county , new jersey , united state .
upton lovell is a village and civil parish in wiltshire , england .
wstk offered a southern gospel format .
nathalie tauziat defeated barbara schett 2–6 , 6–4 , 6–1
pepstatin is an inhibitor of aspartate protease .
san rafael is a canton in the heredia province of costa rica .
józsefváros ( ) is the 8th district of budapest , hungary .
pima is a town in graham county , arizona , united state .
unlike gray wolf and coyote , american black bear rarely scatter the remains of their kill .
terre hill is a borough in lancaster county , pennsylvania , united state .
ruislip manor is an area of ruislip in the london borough of hillingdon .
peugeot 504s won the following world rally championship event :
hesperia is a city in the mojave desert , and the california aqueduct traverses the area .
townsend is a town in middlesex county , massachusetts , united state .
the montana trail continued north and east through montana to fort benton .
karaikal was a maritime trading city in chola nadu .
magnus gustafsson defeated sergi bruguera , 6–4 , 6–2
new york state route 14 joins new york state route 79 and new york state route 414 by watkins glen .
explicitly , the projective linear group is the quotient group
during the french revolution the national guard was a political home defense militia .
snydertown was incorporated from shamokin township in 1871 .
crawford is served by the crawford independent school district .
during the croatian war of independence ( 1991–1995 ) , perušić was near the front line .
permaculture teaches practitioner the lesson of interconnectedness and sustainability .
whiston is a village and civil parish in the metropolitan borough of rotherham in south yorkshire , england .
the roman catholic diocese of providence ( ) is a diocese of the catholic church in the united state .
rudrapur is a city in udham singh nagar district in the indian state of uttarakhand .
big piney is a town in sublette county , wyoming , united state .
only the sinai peninsula of egypt lie in the arabian peninsula .
holbury is a village in hampshire , england .
national route 8 ( n8 ) is a national highway of morocco .
lannemezan is a railway station in lannemezan , occitanie , france .
differential operator are example of local operator .
grand meadow is a city in mower county , minnesota , united state .
ultimate waylon jennings is a compilation album by american country music artist waylon jennings .
iitti ( ) is a municipality of finland .
feylinia is a genus of skink ( family scincidae ) .
lake success is in the town of north hempstead on northwest long island .
la loche is a village in northwest saskatchewan .
amalapuram is one of the 25 lok sabha constituency in andhra pradesh .
uijeongbu station is a station on the gyeongwon line in south korea .
transdev nsw operates four route via engadine station :
during the british raj era , kadaura was the capital of baoni state .
lormont became one of the most important community of bordeaux .
the moshav is a member of the moshavim movement .
aaron davis hall is a performing art center in harlem , manhattan , new york city .
gene mayer and sandy mayer won in the final 6–4 , 7–6 against cliff drysdale and bruce manson .
the patriarch of alexandria is the archbishop of alexandria , egypt .
grandview is a city in jackson county , missouri , united state .
cannock chase is a local government district in staffordshire , england .
after the north pole expedition negoiţă turned his attention to antarctica .
the action is usually an integral over time .
guwahati is the principal seat of the gauhati high court .
john a. brown was an oklahoma department store chain .
gober sosebee began his career in 1940 at atlanta 's lakewood speedway .
wybunbury is a civil parish in cheshire east , england .
beginning in july 2015 , nordic golf league tournament carry official world golf ranking point .
1914–1917 : mexico : tampico affair led to occupation of veracruz , mexico .
tufanganj subdivision is a subdivision of the cooch behar district in the state of west bengal , india .
dante is located in northwestern russell county .
in the california state legislature , palo verde is in , and .
gage is a town in ellis county , oklahoma , united state .
ukraine is not a part of the eu but is a member of the council of europe .
carmo do rio verde is a municipality in central goiás state , brazil .
mallerstang is a civil parish in the eden district , cumbria , england .
whaddon church of england school is a mixed church of england primary school .
traveler from iran , italy , china , france , spain , thailand , singapore , south korea , and japan were also on the ban list .
many milton resident fled to alabama .
fandral helped defend asgard against mangog .
qufu ( ; ) is a city in southwestern shandong province , east china .
soon , roller coaster spread to amusement park all around the world .
kresgeville is an unincorporated community in monroe county , pennsylvania , united state .
other +3 oxidation state include the sulfide and metallocene .
on august 10 , 2008 , carolina lost to atlético de san juan fc .
the madison isthmus is home to much of madison , wi .
the syro-malabar church and the chaldean syrian church are the descendant of the church of the east in the indian subcontinent .
the 1993 film `` the bride with white hair '' is also an adaptation of chen 's `` baifa monü zhuan '' .
breath from another is the debut studio album by canadian singer-songwriter esthero .
the gething formation is the uppermost unit of the bullhead group .
center city is a city in chisago county , minnesota , united state .
his discography consists of 23 studio album and 51 single .
libya shield 1 was an islamist armed group in benghazi and eastern libya .
sheng xian was a close friend of kong rong and administrator of wu commandery .
the fairlane town center mall in dearborn is about 15 minute from downtown detroit .
independent hill is an unincorporated town in prince william county , virginia .
the punggol lrt line is an automated guideway transit line in singapore .
omer hussain is a left-handed batsman and is cousin of fellow scottish international cricketer majid haq .
kagadi is a town in the western region of uganda .
`` the holodomor was in ukraine , russia , belarus and kazakhstan .
bhagavata purana depicts another birth story of the ganga .
blaker is a village and a former municipality of akershus county , norway .
old forge is a borough in lackawanna county , pennsylvania , united state .
cancer immunotherapy is being studied as treatment for the cancer .
the leader of the labour party is the head of the labour party of the united kingdom .
the opel astra came third in the european car of the year award in 2010 .
hortonville is a village in outagamie county , wisconsin , united state .
mason lake is a natural elongated lake south of belfair , washington , united state in mason county .
bayard is a city in grant county , new mexico , united state .
vince nunatak ( ) is a nunatak of antarctica .
flying or levitation was also associated with witchcraft .
hambantota district is located on the southeastern coast of sri lanka .
raise is a fell in the english lake district .
, fishbase accepts nine specie in the genus .
the green mountain club maintains the entire portion of the at in vermont .
greek national road 91 ( , abbreviated as eo91 ) is a highway in attica , greece .
his paternal uncle marcus aemilius lepidus served as a member of the second triumvirate .
north cray is a village in south-east greater london , england , within the london borough of bexley .
starlight dancer is a 1977 album by dutch progressive rock band kayak .
workington is a railway station on the cumbrian coast line , which runs between and .
tupaia miocenica is a fossil treeshrew from the miocene of thailand .
the national power corporation has 14 electric facility all over palawan .
state highway 9 ( west bengal ) is a state highway in west bengal , india .
to the north , in venango county , are clinton and scrubgrass township .
denistone east is a suburb in northern sydney , australia .
glycogen is a multi-branched polysaccharide .
several typed programming language provide explicit support for the top type .
johnston murray never enrolled as a member of the chickasaw nation .
the underlying mechanism that causes differential rotation is turbulent convection inside a star .
the borbore is a river of piedmont , italy .
the house of ascania ruled the duchy of anhalt until 1918 .
the new york public library operates the roosevelt island branch at 524 main street .
his fastball has drawn further comparison with pedro martínez .
the scottish protestant league was a political party in scotland during the 1920s and 1930s .
kilmarnock college was a college in kilmarnock , scotland .
walton is the highest point between cincinnati and louisville .
tolui and sorghaghtani bekhi became the parent of möngke khan and kublai khan .
the tornado was one of many in the 1974 super outbreak .
stilbite is biaxial ( - ) with refractive index :
the coal river is a tributary of the kanawha river in southern west virginia .
york college of pennsylvania is a private college in spring garden township , pennsylvania .
reductive group have a rich representation theory in various context .
peristeri stands in third position of the greek basket league
in 2005 , yamin yisrael merged with the jewish national front .
bishnupur is a part of inner manipur ( lok sabha constituency ) .
macdonnell road is an intermediate station on the peak tram .
catacol ( ) is a small village on the isle of arran , scotland .
mariemont is part of the mariemont city school district , which includes mariemont high school .
english land law is the law of real property in england and wale .
fredonia is a village in ozaukee county , wisconsin , united state .
the delhi gymkhana can be accessed only via safdarjung road .
at cyber sunday , lita and mickie james advanced to the seventh match of the tournament .
mickey lolich pitched his second complete game victory .
an outer measure on is a function
bromfield priory held land at halford , explaining the connection .
during the 2005–06 swiss football season , fc thun competed in the swiss super league .
michaëlla krajicek was the defending champion , but lost to sachia vickery in the second round .
the cotteridge church is a church of england , methodist and united reformed church .
la corbière was formerly the western terminus of the jersey railway line from saint helier .
the six mile water is an indirect tributary of the river bann , via lough neagh .
leende is a village in the dutch province of north brabant .
in 1991 , ngā rauru submitted its claim to the waitangi tribunal .
game of skill are another favorite carnival game .
the main line then runs through an industrial section of secaucus .
lubny raion ( ) is a raion ( district ) in poltava oblast in central ukraine .
interstate 95 business is a business loop of interstate 95 entirely within cumberland county , north carolina .
speke ( ) is a suburb of liverpool .
stig anderson was the manager of the hootenanny singer and founder of the polar music label .
the directorate general of civil defence is a department of the ministry of interior , government of pakistan .
tanglewood is in texas 's 7th congressional district .
salem is also the home to a minor league baseball team , the salem red sox .
the 45th battalion was an infantry battalion of the australian army .
nato and raf e-3s participated in the 2011 military intervention in libya .
ainslie wood is a residential neighbourhood in hamilton , ontario , canada .
long acre is a street in the city of westminster in central london .
weldon is a town in halifax county , north carolina , united state .
apold ( ) is a commune in mureș county , transylvania , romania .
the half marathon race cpc loop den haag is held annually in the hague .
herzegovina is a southern region of bosnia and herzegovina .
across the magdalena river to the east is magdalena department .
brand new is most often described as emo , indie rock , and alternative rock ,
lighthouse reef is a coral atoll off belize .
aluva is a station of kochi metro .
ullin is a village in pulaski county , illinois , united state .
crete is a village in will county , illinois , united state .
le somail is located along the canal du midi .
the boatlift is the third studio album by cuban-american rapper pitbull .
horse and jockey ( ) is a village in county tipperary , republic of ireland .
the great salt lake is the largest lake in the great basin .
jill , eustace , and puddleglum meet the lady of the green kirtle at the giant ' bridge .
as per the provision of the law the government of india formed the animal welfare board of india .
jacob bernoulli was born in basel , switzerland .
in 2011 , westmont hilltop school district achieved adequate yearly progress ( ayp ) .
aci bonaccorsi borders the following municipality : aci sant'antonio , san giovanni la punta , valverde , viagrande .
the rajiv gandhi school of intellectual property law has been opened in collaboration with george washington university .
raga ( also called raja ) is a town in south sudan .
rockbridge county is a county in the commonwealth of virginia .
tokyo was hit again on the 30th along with nagoya .
sheridan county lies on the north line of nebraska .
mason serves as the county seat of ingham county .
this enzyme belongs to the family of transferase , specifically the coa-transferases .
washington college academy is located in the washington college area of limestone .
qianhai is situated in the pearl river delta .
carbon was smaller in size than the hydrogen .
silvassa is the administrative headquarters of dadra and nagar haveli .
whitemarsh township is a home rule municipality in montgomery county , pennsylvania , usa .
babel operates on ipv4 and ipv6 network .
in 1911 , the ashram moved to kolkata .
steroid sulfate are endogenous sulfate ester of steroid .
paris has a big french hip hop scene .
diluted nitric acid dissolved all but palladium and rhodium .
the international committee of the fourth international maintains its independent organization and publishes the world socialist web site .
h , or h , is the eighth letter in the iso basic latin alphabet .
thomas is a city in custer county , oklahoma , united state .
hassan comes under the south western railway zone of the indian railway .
biharamulo is a town in northwestern tanzania .
maseno is a district in kisumu , the third largest city in kenya .
physical geography ( or physiography ) focuses on geography as an earth science .
san pedro is served by the brownsville independent school district .
don mcrae was born and raised in the comox valley .
the gastrointestinal tract forms an important part of the immune system .
bluffview is an upscale neighborhood in north dallas , texas ( usa ) .
malvern is a village in carroll county , ohio , united state .
lake erie is home to perch , trout , walleye , bass , and steelhead .
beginning in 1908 , medford received drinking water from fish lake .
the most recent taça guanabara champion was cr vasco da gama in 2019 .
other semi-aquatic mammal include beaver , hippopotamus , otter and platypus .
villa torlonia is a villa in rome , italy , belonging to the torlonia family .
southbrook later became a stop on the millmerran railway line .
dopamine is the primary neurotransmitter of the reward system in the brain .
donji kosinj is a village in kosinj , croatia .
herb and spice include oregano , spearmint , garlic , onion and basil .
the microsoft java virtual machine ( msjvm ) is a discontinued proprietary java virtual machine from microsoft .
the american pika is intermediate in size among pika .
prior to its founding , liberty township was a part of prairie township and wildcat township .
novak djokovic defeated łukasz kubot , 6–3 , 7–6
kulai was a former sub-district of johor bahru .
south shropshire was a non-metropolitan district in shropshire , england .
mumbai wr railway division is one of the six railway division under western railway zone of indian railway .
latur is major transport junction to south india .
the charter party slowly expands throughout the greater cincinnati area .
west pomeranian voivodeship is the fifth largest voivodeship of poland in term of area .
the british army began the second battle of el alamein and the luftwaffe rushed in reinforcement .
lake mendocino is a large reservoir in mendocino county , california , northeast of ukiah .
calliphlox is a genus of hummingbird in the family trochilidae .
vilhelm hammershøi was born in 1864 in copenhagen , denmark .
ambilobe is a city ( , ) in madagascar .
conondale is a rural town and locality in the sunshine coast region , queensland , australia .
the administrative arrondissement of bastogne consists of the following municipality :
in the california state legislature , baldwin park is in , and in .
in 1840 jonker afrikaner established an orlam settlement at windhoek .
compared to the overall trend , lithium , boron and beryllium are depleted and iron is anomalously enriched .
constantiolus returned to constantinople with his finding .
arjuna plays the listener 's role in bhagavad gita .
the air new zealand cup had replaced the national provincial championship that season .
wick is a village in south gloucestershire , england .
cedar high school belongs to the iron county school district .
west bath is a new england town in sagadahoc county , maine , united state .
rancho boca de la cañada del pinole was a mexican land grant in present-day contra costa county , california given in 1842 by governor juan alvarado to maría manuela valencia .
the corp became a federal work study employer through georgetown university in 2005 .
garrett sits at the confluence of the buffalo creek and the casselman river .
magnetism is one aspect of the combined phenomenon of electromagnetism .
roman syria became a roman province in 64 bc , following the third mithridatic war .
syrian air force air strike hits hospital in aleppo wounding one person .
mambau is a small town in seremban district , negeri sembilan , malaysia .
germinal center b cell may differentiate into memory b cell or plasma cell .
sonjay dutt and jay lethal ended their rivalry at no surrender .
garden warbler often feed with conspecific and other fruit-eating passerine .
muné tsenpo ( ) was the 39th emperor of tibet ( r. ca .
lafayette township is one of five township in floyd county , indiana .
nottingham victoria railway station was a great central railway and great northern railway railway station in nottingham , england .
anemia is the most prevalent extraintestinal complication of inflammatory bowel disease .
sea otter also belong to the family mustelidae .
... lester maddox has the george wallace base .
lesja is a municipality in innlandet county , norway .
however , the mutation rate does vary over the genome .
pavlodar region ( ; ) is a region of kazakhstan .
glory by honor xi : the unbreakable hope was the 11th glory by honor professional wrestling internet pay-per-view event produced by ring of honor ( roh ) .
montenegro play home match at the podgorica city stadium ( ) .
fairfield township is a township in cumberland county , new jersey , united state .
the viceroy of liangjiang had jurisdiction over jiangsu , jiangxi and anhui province .
kevin owen and sami zayn were a canadian professional wrestling tag team .
everman is a city in tarrant county , texas , united state .
the indian air force inherited the rank of air chief marshal from the raf .
alappuzha city is the administrative headquarters of the alappuzha district .
elizabeth way is a road in northeast cambridge , england .
according to william of malmesbury , goscelin was also a skilled musician .
rome is a borough in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
elli ferreira and patrick galbraith were the defending champion but only ferreira competed that year with rick leach .
timoudi is from the provincial capital , béchar .
borgerhout is the smallest district of antwerp , belgium .
the fiba oceania championship for men 2009 was the qualifying tournament of fiba oceania for the 2010 fiba world championship in turkey .
worcester park is a town in the london borough of sutton , in southwest london , england .
campsall was historically a large parish in the west riding of yorkshire .
puerto rico highway 10 ( pr-10 ) is a major highway in puerto rico .
spur 162 is located in jourdanton .
pasadena is a city in los angeles county , california , united state .
in swiss politics and the history of the old swiss confederacy , a talschaft is
nakula and sahadeva attacked duryodhana .
midland independent school district is a public school district in midland , texas .
rue clemenceau is a commercial and residential street in beirut , lebanon .
munkegaard school was completed in 1953 to a design by arne jacobsen .
in december 2009 plymouth citybus was purchased from plymouth city council .
these star have effective temperature around 25,000k .
tepebaşı at is a part of greater eskişehir .
handia is a village in madhya pradesh state of india .
atwater village is a neighborhood in the 13th district of los angeles , california .
jonas björkman / nicklas kulti defeated yevgeny kafelnikov / menno oosting 6–4 , 6–4
welch township is a township in goodhue county , minnesota , united state .
the county is part of tennessee 's 8th congressional district .
after the second peace of thorn ( 1466 ) , the teutonic order was under polish suzerainty .
the botanist george don studied this genus extensively .
great falls is home to malmstrom air force base and the 341st missile wing .
kilconquhar parish church is within the church of scotland .
frackville is a borough in schuylkill county , pennsylvania , united state .
luis alberto spinetta was another argentine rock star of the time .
the madibeng local municipality is a local municipality in bojanala platinum district municipality , north west province , south africa .
goudi olympic complex is a sport complex in athens , greece .
reggae originated in jamaica in the late 1960s .
21 savage also tagged metro boomin in the post .
meredosia is a village in morgan county , illinois , united state .
three conservative leader have served as premier of british columbia : richard mcbride , william john bowser , and simon fraser tolmie .
northampton is in the town of southampton .
ashton vale is the base of bristol indoor bowl club .
cardinal and grosbeak are a family of robust , seed-eating bird with strong bill .
military highway is a tide light rail station in norfolk , virginia .
waynesburg university is a private university in waynesburg , pennsylvania .
holy cross college is a roman catholic school in kalutara , sri lanka .
marthanda varma was a samantan nair .
the premolar are shaped like molar .
in the southern altiplano , lake escara may be coeval with lake ballivián .
jimma arjo is one of the woredas in the oromia region of ethiopia .
north bay is a city in northeastern ontario , canada .
øre is a former municipality in møre og romsdal county , norway .
lenhartsville is a borough in berk county , pennsylvania , united state .
the electoral rhenish circle ( ) was an imperial circle of the holy roman empire , created in 1512 .
ostravice ( , ) is a river in moravian-silesian region , czech republic .
monroe township is one of fourteen township in carroll county , indiana .
the district council of yatala was a local government area of south australia established in 1853 and abolished in 1868 .
qatar has maintained cordial relation with iran .
novorossiysk ( , ) is a city in krasnodar krai , russia .
next , charlotte flair faced trish stratus .
the british army were deployed on the street of northern ireland .
bellbowrie is a suburb of the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
austin is the headquarters of the federally recognized yomba shoshone tribe of the yomba reservation .
during the first war of scottish independence , robert the bruce sent his wife and daughter to the sanctuary for safety .
eagle nest is a village in colfax county , new mexico .
barney and miss beazley are honored with a bronze sculpture at the george w. bush presidential center .
in the california state legislature , marysville is in , and in .
aliskiren is also available as combination therapy with hydrochlorothiazide .
the pakistan football federation ( pff ) is the governing body in pakistan .
canada dry , schweppes , and seagram 's are major brand of dry ginger ale .
in mount vernon , the hutchinson river parkway enters exit 13 , a connection to the cross county parkway .
the chief apostle is the highest minister in the new apostolic church , and has existed since 1896 .
amarpur is 120 km from agartala .
newark has long been the largest city in new jersey .
the metropolitan borough of wirral is one of the six constituent local government district of the liverpool city region .
rogart and lairg have railway station on the far north line .
chagatai khan ( in turkish ) was a son of genghis khan .
at summerslam 1992 in august , the undertaker defeated kamala .
in 2006 , governor ernie fletcher appointed mcanulty to the kentucky supreme court .
architectural theory is the act of thinking , discussing , and writing about architecture .
mos image sensor are widely used in optical mouse technology .
titus pomponius atticus was the editor of his friend cicero .
`` theatrhythm final fantasy '' is a rhythm video game .
florentina lópez de jesús is an amusgo from xochistlahuaca , guerrero .
house of love is the eleventh studio album by singer-songwriter amy grant , released in 1994 .
spline are used in several place in bicycle .
this sound change is part of grimm 's law .
pagnona borders the following municipality : casargo , colico , delebio , piantedo , premana , tremenico .
kanawha county school is the operating school district within kanawha county , west virginia .
cape verde is the driest archipelago of the ecoregion of macaronesia .
franklin township is a township in susquehanna county , pennsylvania , united state .
substance use disorder include substance abuse and substance dependence .
m. karunanidhi became the 14th chief minister of tamil nadu due to the election .
the miyana are found throughout kutch and saurashtra .
at fastlane , cesaro defeated jinder mahal .
butte county is a county in northern california .
the english word `` nightjar '' originally referred to the european nightjar .
the ground plane material was aluminium .
a yogini is a student of tantra or an aspirant .
ustad ghulam sadiq khan died on 15 may 2016 ( sunday ) at max healthcare , new delhi .
this uniform polyhedron compound is a symmetric arrangement of 12 tetrahedron , considered as antiprisms .
jackson county lies on the south side of minnesota .
dunbarton is a town in merrimack county , new hampshire , united state .
navi mumbai is east of thane creek and thane is north of vasai creek .
the salt lake stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in kolkata , west bengal .
clatonia is a village in gage county , nebraska , united state .
`` rio de janeiro '' was the name of guanabara bay .
hjelset is a village in molde municipality in møre og romsdal county , norway .
parli , pathri , majalgaon , manwath are the nearby city to sonpeth .
pressure and particle velocity are 90 degree out of phase in a standing wave .
aviston is located in western clinton county at .
new york university ( nyu ) is a private research university in new york city .
the civil guard and riot police used tear gas , baton charge and rubber bullet .
boston public library operates the west roxbury branch library .
workington is west of the village and cockermouth is east .
poverty may include social , economic , and political element .
forty thousand in gehenna , alternately 40,000 in gehenna , is a 1983 science fiction novel by american writer c. j. cherryh .
the last judgment ( tempera on panel ) is a painting by the renaissance artist fra angelico .
the fox river trolley museum is a railroad museum in south elgin , illinois .
the word `` carioca '' refers to inhabitant of rio de janeiro .
punta del este , florianópolis and mar del plata are among the most important resort in south america .
magnus gustafsson defeated alberto mancini , 6–1 , 6–2
grosse pointe is a city in wayne county in the u.s. state of michigan .
the vychegda flows into the northern dvina in kotlas ( arkhangelsk oblast ) .
the new galveston island historic pleasure pier was built out over the gulf of mexico water .
the road to aranmula , chengannur , pandalam , and pathanamthitta join in thekkemala .
the north dakota legislative assembly is the state legislature of the u.s. state of north dakota .
after the overthrow of the hawaiian kingdom in 1893 , the new republic of hawaii government lobbied for annexation by the united state .
new castle hundred is an unincorporated subdivision of new castle county , delaware .
21st army was a part of the second operational echelon of the red army .
lee valley white water centre is off the a121 in hertfordshire near waltham cross railway station .
nonlocomotive product ( large marine and stationary diesel engine ) continued under gm 's cleveland diesel engine division for another twenty year .
computational hardness assumption are of particular importance in cryptography .
the maidstone line is a railway line in kent , england .
amorim is a suburban area in póvoa de varzim , portugal .
nottingham is a unitary authority in nottinghamshire , england .
cavasso nuovo borders the following municipality : arba , fanna , frisanco , meduno , sequals .
chitrahaar is a television program on dd national featuring song clip from bollywood film .
blue earth county is a county in the u.s. state of minnesota .
hamilton defeated ottawa , 13–7 .
the integument evolved into complex , pennaceous feather .
francisco leiva ramírez ( málaga , 1630–1676 ) was a dramatist of the spanish golden age .
new york state route 31 ( east-west ) crosses new york state route 38 at port byron .
keezhpadam kumaran nair ( 1916–2007 ) was a kathakali artist from kerala , india .
the super bowl liii edition was held at the georgia world congress center .
carbonate and silicate mineral are example of mineral affected by carbonation weathering .
levert was the son of o'jays lead singer eddie levert and younger brother of singer gerald levert .
karachi to peshawar via hyderabad , rohri , khanewal , lahore and rawalpindi
until 1909 kandersteg was politically and religiously part of kandergrund .
chacang ( chinese : 查仓 ; pinyin : chácāng ) is a township in xainza county , tibet autonomous region of china .
`` siren song of the counter culture '' is primarily rooted in hardcore punk and melodic hardcore .
marco polo brought flavor of water ice to europe from the far east .
argentina–morocco relation are foreign relation between argentina and morocco .
along with sean price and black milk , guilty simpson formed the rap trio random axe .
nebo road is an upper city ( mountain ) road in hamilton , ontario , canada .
the 13th tejano music award nominee included newcomer esmeralda along with selena and lares .
yekaterinburg is also a leading sport centre in russia .
pieter schuyler was born in 1657 in beverwyck , new netherland .
anuanuraro is an atoll in french polynesia , pacific ocean .
moldova has never participated in the turkvision song contest .
ventnor city is a city in atlantic county , new jersey , united state .
the lesotho congress for democracy is a political party in lesotho .
chipping is a civil parish in ribble valley , lancashire , england .
oil shale belongs to the group of sapropel fuel .
maputo province is the southernmost province of mozambique .
new york state route 174 is a state highway in the northern part of spafford .
culloden is a city in monroe county , georgia , united state .
agate beach is an unincorporated community in lincoln county , oregon , united state .
bothriomyrmex is a genus of ant in the subfamily dolichoderinae .
nebraska , has two as well , in lincoln and omaha .
the first ascent of the matterhorn changed mountain culture .
preston is currently divided between two westminster constituency , namely preston and wyre and preston north .
the colombian conservative party ( ) is a conservative political party in colombia .
an enzyme , phospholamban , serves as a brake for serca .
beachy head is a chalk headland in east sussex , england .
mount arlington is a borough in morris county , new jersey , united state .
the current church of ireland archbishop is the most reverend michael jackson , archbishop of the diocese of dublin and glendalough .
a continuing lunisolar calendar is the hebrew calendar .
a mini gold rush occurred during the great depression .
longreach is a town and a locality in the longreach region , queensland , australia .
yattalunga is a northern suburb of adelaide , south australia .
kumkuyu is a town in mersin province , turkey .
gyeongju is southeast of seoul , and east of daegu .
the kidney failure can recover completely or lead to atrophy and fibrosis .
external stowage platform ( esp ) are key component of the international space station ( iss ) .
the collection is an archaeological museum and art gallery in lincoln .
the huron river is a river in the northern upper peninsula of michigan in the united state .
the miami and erie canal run from toledo to cincinnati .
former uzbek president islam karimov and current president shavkat mirziyoyev come from the samarkand clan .
guangzhou is a 5 - 6 hour commute from maoming .
unlike with ipv4 , router never fragment a packet .
cape may county library operates the wildwood crest library .
turkey competed at the 1928 summer olympics in amsterdam , netherlands .
three alaska state park unit are on or near the kasilof river .
east fallowfield township is a township in chester county , pennsylvania , united state .
grace and bancroft are the only incorporated town in gem valley .
kasungu national park is a national park in malawi .
this phase is known as the old quantum theory .
qinghai university , is one of the university within qinghai province .
barquq returned to cairo in february 1390 .
nile commercial bank ( ncb ) is a commercial bank in south sudan .
sugar beet crop exhaust the soil rapidly .
king is a city in stokes and forsyth county , north carolina , united state .
billerica is a part of massachusetts 's 6th congressional district .
after the treaty of karlowitz , podolia returned to poland .
răbăgani ( ) is a commune in bihor county , crișana , romania .
strabane cricket club and fox lodge cricket club are member of the north west senior league .
la salle township is a civil township of monroe county in the u.s. state of michigan .
a game demo is a ( usually ) freely distributed piece of a video game .
hall summit is a village in red river parish , louisiana , united state .
the government of montenegro is the executive branch of government authority of montenegro .
port clinton is a borough in schuylkill county , pennsylvania .
barnesville is a village in belmont county , ohio , united state .
the nipigon river is a river in thunder bay district in northwestern ontario , canada .
the fjord is the innermost branch of the høgsfjorden .
italy competed at the 1948 summer olympics in london , england .
scottsmoor also share the title , across the indian river .
spore and zygote are example of totipotent cell .
acetylcholine itself binds to both muscarinic and nicotinic acetylcholine receptor .
border have usually been one of the weaker team in south africa .
leg theory is a bowling tactic in the sport of cricket .
hemingway is a town in williamsburg and georgetown county , south carolina .
polonia bytom supporter were the first organised fan-club in poland .
senecaville is a village in guernsey county , ohio , united state .
the vyborg bay is itself a bay of the gulf of finland ( ) in the baltic sea .
trần ngọc lan khuê was born on january 4 , 1992 in ho chi minh city , vietnam .
kaupanger stave church ( ) is the largest stave church in vestland county , norway .
wren is a village in van wert county , ohio , united state .
lucy 's warbler is the smallest specie of new world warbler .
yaneh sar district ( ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in behshahr county , mazandaran province , iran .
the crocodile river ( ) is a river in south africa .
sensabaugh 's cousin , coty sensabaugh , also played in the national football league .
night hawk lake is a lake in the city of timmins , cochrane district in northeastern ontario , canada .
after heart lake the palatlakaha river flows to lake harris .
birkbeck expanded into east london , in conjunction with the university of east london .
congenital disorder of glycosylation are sometimes known as cdg syndrome .
in the california state legislature , big bear city is in , and in .
korgen is a former municipality in nordland county , norway .
akram khan was born in the port city of chittagong .
the slide valve engine were later fitted with piston valve .
nizamabad district is located in the indian state of telangana .
this gurdwara is about from fatehgarh sahib on the sirhind-chandigarh road .
malko tarnovo is the administrative centre of the homonymous malko tarnovo municipality .
sveio is a municipality in vestland county , norway .
murray house is a victorian-era building in stanley , hong kong .
pittsburgh doubled as chicago for some scene .
roger federer defeated james blake 6–1 , 6–4
abul fateh daud was the fatimid ismaili ruler of multan .
james campbell national wildlife refuge is a national wildlife refuge on the island of oahu , hawaii .
australia–thailand relation are foreign relation between australia and thailand .
the 1st parachute brigade was part of the 1st airborne division and remained with it throughout the war .
the cathedral of the holy spirit is the cathedral of the roman catholic diocese of palmerston north , new zealand .
neot smadar ( ) is a kibbutz in southern israel .
kochi is the most densely populated city in kerala .
san pedro del pinatar was part of the crown of castile but it was adjoining the crown of aragon .
basti railway station is a main railway station in basti district , uttar pradesh .
carbonyl fluoride is a chemical compound with the chemical formula cof .
láadan has five vowel :
esslingen received city right in 1229 under emperor frederick ii .
julesburg was a prominent way station on the overland trail .
dave mustaine was the original lead guitarist for metallica .
bay city is a city in bay county in the u.s. state of michigan .
su yugui was born in 895 , during the reign of emperor zhaozong of tang .
encino is a neighborhood in the san fernando valley region of los angeles , california .
conchita martínez defeated arantxa sánchez vicario 6–3 , 6–1
chippenham station connects to the wessex main line via melksham .
steffi graf defeated helena suková 4–6 , 6–2 , 6–4
carlingford railway station was a railway station in sydney , australia .
the florida east coast railway later acquired the branch from enterprise to titusville in 1902 .
a stationary front is a non-moving boundary between two different air mass .
grapeland is a city in houston county , texas , united state .
lake dallas is a town in denton county , texas , united state .
the 18th century iglesia de san juan bautista ( iglesia mayor ) ( ) is a neoclassical masterpiece of the province of cádiz .
fuglebakken station serves the ringbanen s-train line .
eis arena wolfsburg is an arena in wolfsburg , germany .
east earl township is a township in northeastern lancaster county , pennsylvania , united state .
the pottsville formation is the main rock formation in the watershed of hammersley fork .
ylistaro is a former municipality of finland .
japan donates significantly to nepal .
liga 1 is the first-tier of football league in indonesia .
next , billie kay faced ember moon .
crush 's coaster is one of the feature attraction in toon studio .
nile crocodile also prey on zebra when they near water .
konya had a major air base during the turkish war of independence .
kanungu is a town in the western region of uganda .
light flyweight - najah ali
ruhollah khomeini was the supreme leader of iran during this term .
nelapattu is a small village in nellore district , andhra pradesh , india .
shillelagh ( ) is a village in county wicklow , republic of ireland .
elli ferreira / patrick galbraith defeated marc-kevin goellner / david prinosil 6–3 , 6–4
france-finland relation are foreign relation between france and finland .
niefang is a city in equatorial guinea .
kabale is a town in the western region of uganda .
ron vanderlinden is a retired american college football coach .
both iraq and syria are close ally of iran .
the emerald city of oz is the sixth of l. frank baum 's fourteen land of oz book .
malaita is the primary island of malaita province in solomon island .
cornell school district is a diminutive , suburban public school district in allegheny county , pennsylvania .
canoe creek state park is located in the northeast part of the township .
thockrington is in the parliamentary constituency of hexham .
the tower was crowned with machicolation .
as the ukrainian people 's republic lost ground to the rival ukrainian soviet socialist republic , bogatyrets signed a plea addressed to the ally .
east pennsboro township is served by the east pennsboro area school district .
bloomfield provincial park is a provincial park in prince edward island , canada .
visceral endoderm surrounds the epiblast .
hoylake is a seaside town in metropolitan borough of wirral , merseyside , england .
the calvert county campus is located in prince frederick .
chingola is a constituency of the national assembly of zambia .
yuan shao ignored him and sent yan liang anyway .
zhao bing died at sea ; so ended the song dynasty .
killing and konnan feuded with the outlaw and monty brown , with james 's loyalty divided .
vinyl acetate is the acetate ester of vinyl alcohol .
the cinquillo pattern is another common embellishment of tresillo .
jackson is a village in washington county , wisconsin , united state .
klisa is administratively part of the city of osijek .
the 1961 chatham cup was the 34th annual nationwide knockout association football competition in new zealand .
motivation is a driving factor for action , willingness , and goal .
in commutative algebra , kähler differential are universal derivation of a commutative ring or module .
michael stich defeated magnus larsson 6–4 , 4–6 , 6–3
steffi graf defeated amanda coetzer 6–0 , 6–4
patty fendick / gigi fernández defeated katrina adam / mercedes paz 6–4 , 6–2
biological particle include algae and detritus .
hamilton is a city in hancock county , illinois , united state .
vice admiral is a three-star admiral rank of the bangladesh navy .
alliedsignal was a member of the dow jones industrial average from 1985 until february 19 , 2008 .
the junction was where the birkenhead railway mainline diverged from the london and north western railway .
at that time fusu was close friend with meng tian .
bomba is both a traditional dance and musical style of puerto rico .
the us bureau of land management designated the north butte as an area of critical environmental concern ( acec ) .
`` , vince mcmahon fired angle as smackdown !
the image channel is a private television channel in nepal .
the farewell of slavianka melody was used for the tambov oblast anthem .
general zod is a kryptonian from krypton and an enemy of superman .
austre bokn is an island in bokn municipality in rogaland county , norway .
russia won the tournament before finland .
robin drysdale / van winitsky defeated mike fishbach / bernard mitton 6–3 , 6–4
tomás carbonell / carlos costa defeated sergio casal / emilio sánchez 6–4 , 6–4
jérôme bocuse is a french chef .
shangri-la colombo is a 5-star hotel in colombo , sri lanka .
the socialist party of bangladesh ( spb ; ) is a marxist-leninist party in bangladesh .
the east branch lackawanna river has no named tributary .
`` hard rock hallelujah '' is a song by finnish hard rock band lordi .
the rebirth brass band is a new orleans brass band .
in 1998 , gail e. mengel and linda l. booth became the first two woman apostle in the community of christ .
greece–venezuela relation are the relation between greece and venezuela .
goostrey is a civil parish in cheshire east , england .
the canadian football league is the highest level of play in canadian football .
the krio language is widely spoken in gloucester .
lithium soap are key component of many lubricating grease .
murong sheng , along with his uncle murong rou and brother murong hui , settled in as well .
opennms describes itself as a `` network management application platform '' .
cheshire west and chester is a unitary authority in cheshire , england .
locust grove is an unincorporated community in eastern orange county , virginia , united state .
leicester is a town in addison county , vermont , united state .
in 1901 the texas oil boom began with the gusher at spindletop .
seed dispersal is the movement , spread or transport of seed away from the parent plant .
godzilla arrives soon after and attack mechagodzilla .
affalterbach lies on the in the the neckar .
in spain , spanish civil war erupts .
easthampton is a city in hampshire county , massachusetts , united state .
the subsequent war of the quadruple alliance involved the same issue as the war of the spanish succession .
the 3live kru were the victor at sacrifice .
moray is a constituency of the scottish parliament ( holyrood ) .
dadeville is a city in tallapoosa county , alabama , united state .
gmina kąty wrocławskie is an urban-rural gmina ( administrative district ) in wrocław county , lower silesian voivodeship , in south-western poland .
charlestown was the birthplace and childhood home of alexander hamilton .
lowell high school is a selective co-educational , public magnet school in san francisco , california .
the west coast alone spans the distance between wellington and auckland .
isopropyl alcohol is miscible in water , ethanol , diethyl ether , and chloroform .
the next component of route 15 , the wilbur cross parkway , begins at the milford parkway junction .
in hydroamination , amine add to alkene .
leopard subspecies : african leopard arabian leopard anatolian leopard persian leopard indian leopard indochinese leopard javan leopard amur leopard
gigi fernández and natasha zvereva were the defending champion but only zvereva competed that year with lori mcneil .
in the roman rite liturgy , the easter vigil consists of four part :
hanover township is a township in northampton county , pennsylvania , united state .
lyman is a town along utah state route 24 in wayne county , utah , united state .
irinjalakuda is a municipal town in thrissur district , kerala , india .
all thermal power station run on fuel oil , except lakvijaya , which run on coal .
conewango creek joins the allegheny river at the city of warren , pennsylvania .
shafter is zoned to school in the marfa independent school district .
the county seat was the old french village of kaskaskia .
old english , old frisian and ( to a lesser degree ) old saxon share the application of the ingvaeonic nasal spirant law .
mr eazi soon after became a star in ghana and nigeria .
romeoville is a village in will county , illinois , united state .
the austrian circle ( ) was an imperial circle of the holy roman empire .
the micropolitan statistical area consists of audrain county .
russia was traditionally the biggest export market for georgian wine .
valle agricola borders the following municipality : letino , prata sannita , raviscanina , san gregorio matese , sant'angelo d'alife .
holden beach is a seaside town in brunswick county , north carolina , united state .
the division bell tour was the final concert tour by the english rock band pink floyd .
manchester airport is an international airport at ringway , manchester , england , south-west of manchester city centre .
the sankt goarshausen railway station connects the town with wiesbaden , frankfurt and koblenz .
mike shinoda joined fort minor as a vocalist .
espenhain is situated in the leipzig bay approx .
while godzilla wrestle with spacegodzilla , m.o.g.e.r.a .
samuel s. lewis state park overlooks the susquehanna river in the eastern part of the township .
ferrari formalized this concept with its earlier carrozzeria scaglietti programme .
these star will eventually end their life as white dwarf .
townsend is a town in new castle county , delaware , united state .
port dickinson is the only incorporated community within the town of dickinson .
his son jayant chaudhary , was a member of 15th lok sabha from mathura , uttar pradesh .
newport is a borough in perry county , pennsylvania , united state .
thailand competed at the 1988 summer olympics in seoul , south korea .
upper drummond street was one of the principal street of the golden square mile .
choroid plexus papilloma occurs in the lateral ventricle of child and in the fourth ventricle of adult .
beneath the arch , sullivan , daniel burnham , john wellborn root , and frank lloyd wright stand together .
pleasant grove is an unincorporated community in panola county , mississippi .
castelletto d'erro borders the following municipality : bistagno , cartosio , melazzo , montechiaro d'acqui , and ponti .
the proper pak shek kok and surrounding village are within tai po district .
the igan river ( ) is a river in sarawak , malaysia .
lady bird lake , lake austin , and lake travis are each on the colorado river .
bosnia and herzegovina–romania relation are foreign relation between romania and bosnia and herzegovina .
sun valley is a neighborhood in los angeles , california in the san fernando valley region .
westminster city council is the local authority for the city of westminster in greater london , england .
this protein domain contains both alpha helix and beta sheet .
casa is a town in perry county , arkansas , united state .
the deputy director of the central intelligence agency ( dd/cia ) is a statutory office ( ) and the second-highest official of the central intelligence agency .
union city is a town in canadian county , oklahoma , united state .
ava is the county seat of douglas county .
cytochalasin b inhibits glucose transport and platelet aggregation .
edgemont is an unincorporated community in cleburne county , arkansas , united state .
the new york state thruway authority ( nysta ) is a public benefit corporation in new york state , united state .
during the migratory phase of wound healing , granulation tissue is :
deuterium is also a potential fuel for commercial nuclear fusion .
kundesar is a village in ghazipur district , uttar pradesh .
trakai peninsula castle is one of the castle in trakai , lithuania .
surviving latin literature consists almost entirely of classical latin in its broadest definition .
d1 motorway ( ) is the main highway of the czech republic .
the emishi inhabited the area into the heian period .
gateway school district is one of the 500 public school district of pennsylvania .
lucie hradecká defeated ajla tomljanović , 6–1 , 7–6
jämsä ( ) is a town and municipality of finland .
glen arbor is reachable by michigan road m-109 and m-22 .
young rival is a canadian indie rock band from hamilton , ontario .
the master gopherspace search engine is veronica .
bilaspur is the center of electric power generation in india .
allspice is one of the most important ingredient of caribbean cuisine .
bold ruler was assigned 135 pound compared to 128 pound for gallant man .
luke 2 is the second chapter of the gospel of luke in the new testament .
chase elliott won the pole for the daytona 500 in qualifying .
for the iroquois , the american revolution became a civil war .
the rectus femoris muscle is one of the four quadriceps muscle of the human body .
ukrainian baroque emerged during the cossack hetmanate era of the 17th–18th century .
in 1893 , the world 's columbian exposition was held in chicago .
kasbeer is an unincorporated community in bureau county , illinois , united state .
hopkinton lies fully within the merrimack river watershed .
monroe township is a township in bradford county , pennsylvania , united state .
soil respiration refers to the production of carbon dioxide when soil organisms respire .
hillsdale academy is located in hillsdale , michigan .
kaftanzoglio stadium ( ) is a sport stadium in thessaloniki , greece .
bear bryant came to kentucky from maryland .
jackman belongs to maine area school district 12 .
meyersdale is surrounded by summit township .
the san miguel beermen are a professional basketball team in the philippine basketball association ( pba ) .
containerization has revolutionized cargo shipping .
gliwice is an important industrial center of poland .
the crow and the pitcher is one of aesop 's fable , numbered 390 in the perry index .
gottlob frege was the founder of logicism .
khuzdar was the capital of the brahui kingdom of makran .
in 2000 , universal music group acquired polygram .
graham county contains part of the san carlos apache indian reservation .
st john the evangelist is an anglican church on friern barnet road in north london .
stanislaus county ( ; ) is a county in california 's san joaquin valley .
sonoma county has no incorporated community directly on the shore of san pablo bay .
fox lake is a 2,713 acre lake in dodge county , wisconsin .
little baddow is a village to the east of chelmsford , essex .
in the california state legislature , round valley is in , and .
in 1959 , then prime minister lee kuan yew declared self-governance at city hall .
almost all big hindi tv news channel have stringer in azamgarh .
samut sakhon ( , , pronunciation ) is a city in thailand , capital of samut sakhon province .
akersloot is a town in the dutch province of north holland .
meydan racecourse is a racecourse in dubai , united arab emirate .
it was formed when the north american plate moved over the new england hotspot .
tuber develop from either the stem or the root .
butler township is a township in luzerne county , pennsylvania , united state .
the hostage rescue team ( hrt ) is the elite police tactical unit of the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) .
hawke 's bay airport is at the southern end of bay view .
some antioxidant include phenolic acid , flavonoid , proanthocyanidins , and anthocyanin .
a bothy was also a semi-legal drinking den in the isle of lewis .
lichen are another example of mutualism .
the freeport library is a part of the brazoria county library system .
mono is a free and open-source .net framework-compatible software framework .
confederate president jefferson davis kept bragg in command of the army of tennessee .
the south island organ company is a manufacturer of pipe organ in timaru , new zealand .
erythrose is a tetrose saccharide with the chemical formula cho .
dick crealy is a life member of the australian davis cup foundation .
the arctic consists of desert and tundra vegetation .
pavlodar ( , ) is a district of pavlodar region in northern kazakhstan .
saint andrew 's day is an official flag day in scotland .
it is one of multiple painting john trumbull made of alexander hamilton .
cape breton county is one of eighteen county in the canadian province of nova scotia .
south woodbury township is a township in bedford county , pennsylvania , united state .
the administrative centre of the municipality is the village of bygland .
in the california state legislature , redwood city is in , and in .
la unión is a canton in the cartago province of costa rica .
andy milonakis , dirt nasty , and riff raff are alumnus of the american cable network mtv .
the louis vuitton cup was the name of the `` challenger selection series '' for the america 's cup .
the grant ensured that shelbyville rather than nearby squire boone 's station would become the seat of shelby county .
lead dioxide is used as an anode material in electrochemistry .
williams county was originally part of defiance county , with defiance as the county seat .
wesel ( ) is a city in north rhine-westphalia , germany .
gurun is a mukim in kuala muda district , kedah , malaysia .
chris bosse is a german-born architect , resident in sydney in australia .
the genre primarily falls between hard fantasy and soft science fiction spectrum of scientific realism .
the larva feed on `` quercus rubra '' .
the american civil war began in april 1861 with the battle of fort sumter , and fighting soon escalated .
madhira is a place in khammam district .
the houston v district parole office is in pasadena .
mark knowles / daniel nestor defeated martin damm / cyril suk 7–5 , 6–3
with the beginning of the university of saskatchewan , varsity view saw rapid development .
caernarvon township is a township in northeastern lancaster county , pennsylvania , united state .
airbus defence and space is a division of airbus responsible for defence and aerospace product and service .
todar mal died in lahore on 8 november 1589 .
einat ( ) is a kibbutz in central israel .
both kollywood ( tamil cinema ) and tollywood ( telugu cinema ) mostly concentrated in chennai and hyderabad .
juliana hatfield is an album of cover by alternative rock artist juliana hatfield .
mileena has a secret companion in baraka .
cowpen bewley is situated to the east of billingham .
masculinity is a performed gender identity .
linn run state park is on the outskirt of rector .
patton is an unincorporated community in san bernardino county , california , united state .
the blue bottle experiment is a color-changing redox chemical reaction .
the kuiper belt is home to three officially recognized dwarf planet : pluto , haumea and makemake .
the castleton spartans college football team represents the school in ncaa division iii .
burton latimer is a town in northamptonshire , england , approximately from kettering .
yolanda saldívar became a fan of tejano music in the mid-1980s .
the brisbane rugby league premiership is a rugby league football competition in brisbane , queensland , australia .
the pixel c shipped with android 6.0.1 marshmallow .
prontosil is an antibacterial drug of the sulfonamide group .
the te wahipounamu area is the least populated part of new zealand .
asclepius is the most famous son of apollo .
maheshtala is on the budge budge trunk road .
incumbent vice president george h. w. bush won his home state against massachusetts governor michael dukakis .
the hamilton red wing won the j. ross robertson cup .
sherard is served by the coahoma county school district .
khowai district is a district of tripura state of india .
the french international school of hong kong operates multiple campus in hong kong .
in other word , a vector field is a section of the tangent bundle .
the silent corner and the empty stage is the third album by british singer-songwriter peter hammill .
wootton wawen priory was an alien priory in wootton wawen , warwickshire , england .
kent ridge park is a 47-hectare public park between the national university of singapore and the singapore science park .
the zona fasciculata is situated between the zona glomerulosa and zona reticularis .
by 1890 , houston was the railroad center of texas .
the arena is home to the tcu horned frog men 's and woman 's basketball team .
fashion nugget is the second studio album by alternative rock band cake .
in the 1970s , the social credit party of saskatchewan merged into the progressive conservative party of saskatchewan .
abd ar-rashid khan ii was khan of yarkand and turpan from 1680–1682 .
the specific name honours john ostrom .
østfold sits between the oslo fjord and sweden .
national highway 16 pass through andhra pradesh .
in the california state legislature , calpine is in , and .
cherokee dam is high and impounds the cherokee lake .
the cerebrum is the largest part of the human brain .
librarian generally hold a university degree in library science .
chachapoyas is a province of the amazonas region , peru .
yichuan county is part of the larger loess plateau .
chanda rubin defeated anastasia myskina 6–1 , 6–3
`` bang bang '' is a cover of an old song by sonny bono .
yangzhou is the hometown of former ccp general secretary jiang zemin .
medan is the capital of north sumatra province .
the wiese rise in the black forest in the southern black forest nature park .
most camera phone have a digital zoom feature .
football victoria soccer club competed in 2017 for the dockerty cup .
carlos menem was president of argentina from 1989 to 1999 .
sayyid mir jan was a son of sayyid mir hasan .
li renda controlled the affluent port of fuzhou .
macrovascular disease ( macroangiopathy ) refers to atherosclerosis .
two glacier , hornbreen and hambergbreen , divide sørkapp land from torell land .
verb do not change form according to their subject .
bancabc has subsidiary in botswana , mozambique , tanzania , zambia , and zimbabwe .
crooked river ranch is an unincorporated community in southern jefferson county , oregon , united state .
garuda also chosen as the name of indonesian national airline , garuda indonesia .
at , indian lake is the second largest inland lake in ohio .
temple have been a significant part of the latter day saint movement since early in its inception .
çankaya is a district of ankara , turkey .
walnut grove is a town in etowah county , alabama , united state .
today norris primarily serves as a bedroom community for knoxville and oak ridge .
the closest paris métro station are alma – marceau and george v .
this sea was home to clam , fish , oyster , and burrowing shrimp .
isle la motte is an island in lake champlain in northwestern vermont , united state .
the pran buri forest park ( ) is a protected area in thailand .
the foreign legion command ( ) ( official ) is the command of the french foreign legion .
argnidae is a family of air-breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk .
yushania is a genus of bamboo in the grass family .
the asteroid was named after german astronomer wilhelm gliese .
the adrenal medulla ( ) is part of the adrenal gland .
ethanol is a byproduct of the metabolic process of yeast .
in the california state senate , san francisco is in .
wudinna district council is a rural local government area on central eyre peninsula , south australia .
promina is a municipality in šibenik-knin county , croatia .
bolivia competed at the 1992 summer olympics in barcelona , spain .
stuart is a rural coastal suburb in the city of townsville , queensland , australia .
gabriela sabatini defeated conchita martínez 6–1 , 6–4
the traditional chinese lunisolar calendar divide a year into 24 solar term .
egypt , libya and yemen are saferworld ’ s focus country in the middle east and north africa .
denny hulme finished second for the mclaren team and his teammate peter revson came in third .
lightweight is a weight class in combat sport and rowing .
on the national level , mendez v. westminster was the basis for brown v. board of education .
ladakh is under the jurisdiction of the jammu and kashmir high court .
the main battery gun turret had thick faces on barbette .
the justice league is a team of comic book superheroes in the .
sodium tetrafluoroborate is an inorganic compound with formula nabf .
other popular men 's tennis player include ion ţiriac and andrei pavel .
ludza is oldest city in latvia .
the green river formation contains the largest oil shale deposit in the world .
black stone cherry originated in edmonton , kentucky .
one of the first intercity railway line : the london and birmingham railway ran through warwickshire .
penobscot bay is between muscongus bay and blue hill bay , just west of acadia national park .
mount vernon is a city in knox county , ohio , united state .
the league of ireland b division featured reserve team and emerging senior team .
clitheroe is a civil parish in ribble valley , lancashire , england .
purnia also has a kendriya vidyalaya .
the ouro preto river , after which it is named , runs through the rio ouro preto extractive reserve to the north .
matan vilnai was born in jerusalem .
matt groening served as executive game developer and david x. cohen directed the voice actor .
hogun also helped battle ymir and surtur .
folsom is a city in sacramento county , california , united state .
ninnekah is a town in grady county , oklahoma , united state .
langworthy is an area of city of salford , greater manchester .
rockwell center is a high-end mixed-use area in makati , metro manila , philippine .
the german international school cape town provides bus service from table view to its main campus in tamboerskloof .
the prime minister of bulgaria ( ) is the head of government of bulgaria .
chayanta municipality is the second municipal section of the rafael bustillo province in the bolivian potosí department .
the european hockey federation is a european sport federation for field hockey , based in brussels .
lodge grass is a town in big horn county , montana , united state .
thorpe bassett is a village and civil parish in the ryedale
jay township is a township in elk county , pennsylvania , united state .
takalar regency is a regency of south sulawesi province , indonesia .
salinity is constant throughout the depth of the deep sea .
ac sparta prague is an association football club from prague , czech republic .
whiteadder water is a river in east lothian and berwickshire , scotland .
georgia has an embassy in minsk .
the launceston steam railway is a narrow gauge railway , in cornwall , england .
seward park is a public park and playground in the lower east side neighborhood of manhattan , new york city .
many metal alloy are solid solution .
sir charles hardy died at spithead .
relentless is the sixth studio album by contemporary christian music singer natalie grant .
dr. anna howard shaw takes over as president of the national american woman suffrage association .
san biase borders the municipality salcito , sant'angelo limosano , and trivento .
the national ilan university ( niu ; ) is a public university in yilan city , yilan county , taiwan .
the 2020 tour de pologne was the 77th running of the tour de pologne road cycling cycling stage race .
japanese braille is the braille script of the japanese language .
southampton township is a township in bedford county , pennsylvania , united state .
redfish is a common name for several specie of fish .
toay is a town in la pampa province in argentina .
slade is an unincorporated community in powell county , kentucky , united state .
the boudouard reaction is an important process inside a blast furnace .
solar power and wind power are other derivative of sunlight .
gălăuțaș ( ) is a commune in harghita county , transylvania , romania .
thingoe rural district was a rural district in the county of west suffolk , england .
lymington new forest hospital is a community hospital in lymington , hampshire .
the qawwali singer nusrat fateh ali khan was also a prominent influence on pakistani pop music .
boyle 's law was perhaps the first expression of an equation of state .
keilar was born in canberra , australian capital territory , australia .
the arabian oryx is the national animal of jordan , oman , the united arab emirate , bahrain , and qatar .
wisdom tree , inc. ( formerly color dream ) is an american developer of christian video game .
tandragee ( ) is a village in county armagh , northern ireland .
modern greek literature is written in common modern greek .
spencer county is part of indiana 's 8th congressional district and is represented in united state congress by usrepublican larry bucshon .
thun district was one of the 25 administrative district in the canton of bern , switzerland .
dollywaggon pike is a fell in the english lake district .
upala is a canton in the alajuela province of costa rica .
lake george or lake dweru is a lake in uganda .
castletownbere ( ) is a town in county cork in republic of ireland .
in a rectangular waveguide , the cutoff frequency is
penmere railway station is also in falmouth .
vadivelu did comedy scene with vivek too .
the original order of the iron crown had previously been an order of the napoleonic kingdom of italy .
new york state route 30 pass through the southeast corner of benson .
fannett township is the northernmost township in franklin county .
the second polish republic had only 74 kilometer of baltic sea shoreline .
vanavana is a small oval-shaped atoll .
italy competed at the 1987 mediterranean game in latakia , syria .
merrick county is a county in the u.s. state of nebraska .
elston avenue finally ends again at milwaukee avenue .
augur runs on ethereum .
fiskum is a parish in the municipality øvre eiker in buskerud , norway .
erholungspark marzahn is a public park in marzahn , berlin .
el altar is perhaps the most technically demanding climb in ecuador .
glenwillow is a village in cuyahoga county , ohio , united state .
lennard river is a river in the kimberley region of western australia .
white city forms the northern part of shepherd 's bush .
john frederick ii reigned in gotha , eisenach and coburg .
in december 2003 , the 4th infantry division captured saddam hussein .
muhammad bin qasim blocked the canal and soon took control of multan .
maria bueno defeated carole caldwell graebner 6–1 , 6–0
the wood and chavignon were considerably nearer the ailette than vaudesson .
ok kakanj from kakanj is the biggest and most successful volleyball club in bosnia and herzegovina .
first underground nuclear kitchen is a studio album by former deep purple , black sabbath and trapeze vocalist/bassist glenn hughes .
san pasqual valley is the northernmost community of the city of san diego .
neural oscillation are rhythmic or repetitive electrochemical activity in the brain and central nervous system .
in the california state legislature , monterey is in , and .
kukkia is a medium-sized lake in finland .
absalon kept his hostile attitude to the holy roman empire .
clover park technical college ( cptc ) is a community college in lakewood , washington .
new hampshire route 11 leads southeast to rochester and northwest to alton .
atellan farce introduced the first true stock character .
the macquarie river and the marsh eventually drain into the darling river .
modern aerial warfare includes missile and unmanned aerial vehicle .
government medical college , thrissur is under the directorate of medical education , government of kerala .
winslow township is a township in camden county , new jersey , united state .
the nearest mass rapid transit station is commonwealth mrt station .
upper allen township is a township in cumberland county , pennsylvania , united state .
lord howe island is a small , remote island about east of australia .
sargodha is roughly from faisalabad , due southeast .
west river is an official neighborhood of the city of new haven , connecticut .
his son sheikh mujibur rahman was the founder of bangladesh .
the hammer of eden is a work by ken follett published in 1998 .
palmyra is a borough in burlington county , new jersey , united state .
andre agassi defeated jason stoltenberg 6–4 , 7–6
the madness of lady bright is a short play by lanford wilson , among the earliest of the gay theatre movement .
clay county is part of the wichita falls , metropolitan statistical area in north texas .
kolej yayasan saad lies near the north-south expressway and accessible through the ayer keroh toll exit .
high speed 2 will pass through the park on a viaduct .
ullern is a borough of the city of oslo , norway .
the umayyad caliphate fell in 750 at the battle of the zab .
bay city is a city in matagorda county , texas , united state .
yankton county comprises the yankton , sd micropolitan statistical area .
an isometry is a distance-preserving map between metric space .
yenikapı transfer center ( ) , referred to as yenikapı , is an underground transportation complex in istanbul .
acrolein may lead to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
nichiren shōshū is a mahayana buddhist sect .
methane is prominent in their spectrum .
lisman is a town in choctaw county , alabama , united state .
oikos university is an unaccredited private korean christian university in oakland , california .
tactical light are sometimes mounted to a handgun or rifle .
his elder son , zhuge zhan , served as a general in shu and was killed in action during the conquest of shu by wei .
morganza was the site of a union army encampment during the american civil war .
social credit was based on the economic theory of an englishman , c. h. douglas .
pozzuolo martesana is a railway station in italy .
cheltenham is a suburb of adelaide , south australia .
physician assistant are currently practising in the field of emergency medicine in canada .
when mazyar arrived in abbasid samarra , afshin was arrested .
algoma is a town in pontotoc county , mississippi .
most piston ring are made from cast iron or steel .
george street tram stop is a tram stop in croydon , south london , served by tramlink .
the zero matrix is the additive identity in formula_8 .
amami ōshima belongs to kagoshima prefecture .
linville is a small town in the somerset region local government area .
downe is south west of orpington and south east of charing cross .
the georgia general assembly incorporated union point as a city in 1904 .
adult `` kallima paralekta '' rarely feed on flower nectar .
christian music on the station is generally a mixture of pop , modern rock , and gospel .
beam primarily carry vertical gravitational force .
the bulgarian communist party was represented by todor zhivkov .
marítimo , 32-year-old júlio césar signed for major league soccer club sporting kansas city .
zootzensee is a lake in the rheinsberg lake region , brandenburg , germany .
in a complete graph or complete bipartite graph , every cut is a split .
le moyne is an unincorporated community in mobile county , alabama , united state .
yamoussoukro department is a department of ivory coast .
garrison is a small village near lough melvin in county fermanagh , northern ireland .
kirk session remain the first court of the presbyterian church .
china afterwards sent more warship in the scarborough shoal .
cave troll attacked the fellowship in moria .
the yellow river flows through helan county from the southeast to the northeast .
blyth is a village in north huron , huron county , ontario , canada .
hassi r'mel is located in laghouat province northwest of ghardaïa .
sqr has four scalar data type .
in 1540 the ottoman empire annexed serbia .
oneida is a city in nemaha county , kansa , united state .
sheffield boasts the award-winning park hill .
the antibody will attack the antigen on any other blood type .
greenwald is a city in stearns county , minnesota , united state .
schuyler county is part of the kirksville , mo micropolitan statistical area .
töss is a district in the swiss city of winterthur .
eurasian lynx also feeds on carrion when available .
the toronto area control centre is based near toronto pearson international airport in mississauga , ontario .
ccgs `` sir john franklin '' is an offshore fishery research ship of the canadian coast guard .
valgoglio borders the following municipality : ardesio , branzi , carona , gandellino , gromo .
josé antonio navarro became a representative in the republic of texas congress from bexar county , texas .
coalport is a village in shropshire , england .
rhymney railway station serves the town of rhymney in wale .
meddersheim belongs to the nahe wine region .
in january 1949 , the people 's liberation army captured nanjing .
somersworth is a city in strafford county , new hampshire , united state .
the lien exists for both real property and personal property .
dibiyapur comes under the district administration of auraiya district .
dead reckoning is the eighth studio album by progressive metal band threshold .
trifluoperazine is an effective antipsychotic for people with schizophrenia .
greenwood township is a township in saint louis county , minnesota , united state .
great sankey is a civil parish and suburb of warrington , cheshire , england .
doi suthep is from chiang mai city centre .
town supervisor is an elective legislative position in new york town .
matawan is a borough in monmouth county , new jersey , united state .
oakland 's chinatown also includes a historic and still thriving fortune cookie factory .
washington township lies within waynesboro area school district .
therefore , formal language theory is a major application area of computability theory and computational complexity theory .
summit township is one of seventeen township in adair county , iowa , usa .
dassen island is an uninhabited south african island in the atlantic ocean .
maquinna fled to clayoquot sound .
torfaen lies within the historic boundary of monmouthshire .
the conemaugh group is a geologic group in west virginia , pennsylvania , ohio , and maryland .
west livingston is served by the livingston independent school district .
some fancy bread contain walnut or are encrusted with poppy seed .
in 2004 , kilwa kisiwani was inscribed on unesco 's list of world heritage in danger .
the larva feed on `` zelkova serrata '' .
wharton township is a township in fayette county , pennsylvania , united state .
lord fairfax community college is a public community college in the shenandoah valley and piedmont region of virginia .
ballina stephenites , is one of the local gaelic athletic association club team .
john rice irwin is generally known as the founder of the museum of appalachia .
in british columbia , british columbia institute of technology offer a bt ( bachelor of technology ) in radiation therapy .
ibotenic acid toxicity comes from activation of the nmda receptor .
jalasjärvi is a former municipality of finland .
`` personal jesus '' is a song by english electronic music band depeche mode .
pine hill ecological reserve is located in rescue .
playmarket sells published new zealand play .
under his guidance , reliance entertainment became a major player in hollywood .
shiv sena later allied itself with the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) .
the myanmar football federation ( mff ) ( ) is the governing body of association football in myanmar .
thrace was , at the time , a part of the latin empire .
the durham ox came from darlington .
brazil–trinidad and tobago relation are bilateral relation between brazil and trinidad and tobago .
lucan was considered among the rank of homer and virgil .
the african independent congress ( aic ) is a minor political party in south africa .
dunbar is a borough in fayette county , pennsylvania , united state .
sri lanka is an island nation in the indian ocean .
the gold coast rugby league has previously entered side in the queensland cup and in the winfield state league as the viking .
vijayawada is the hub of agricultural market of krishna district .
newton mearns ( ; ) is a suburban town and the largest settlement in east renfrewshire , scotland .
ejin banner is the westernmost banner of inner mongolia .
graffiti was also implemented on the apple newton .
melville is a suburb in southern hamilton in new zealand .
an impulse roller coaster is a form of a launched inverted roller coaster manufactured by intamin .
owensville is a village in clermont county , ohio , united state .
downtown san jose is the central business district of san jose , california , in silicon valley .
it is also possible for graduate diploma holder to progress to a master 's degree .
malta participated in the 1968 summer paralympics in tel aviv .
pedro rodríguez finished second for the brm team and scuderia ferrari driver jacky ickx came in third .
sharp point press ( ) is a taiwanese publisher of manga and music .
altamont is a city in effingham county , illinois , united state .
abkhazia and south ossetia are disputed territory in the caucasus .
milford is a town in worcester county , massachusetts , united state .
nus de la trinitat is a major highway interchange in northern barcelona , catalonia , spain .
aripiprazole is primarily used for the treatment of schizophrenia or bipolar disorder .
kgb chairman yuri andropov reportedly struggled for power with leonid brezhnev .
eratigena is a genus of spider in the family agelenidae .
the 1st special service brigade was a commando brigade of the british army .
acajutla is a seaport city in sonsonate department , el salvador .
janesville is a city in waseca county , minnesota , united state .
the british saddleback is a modern british breed of domestic pig .
koinadugu district is a district in the northern province of sierra leone .
south wimbledon is an area of wimbledon in south-west london in the london borough of merton , england .
delight was a polish gothic metal band .
today the frankfurt university library is one of the largest academic library in germany .
boutigny-sur-essonne is a commune in the essonne department in île-de-france in northern france .
owain glyndŵr was his great-grandson , the grandson of madog crypl .
barton owns pageant park on crystal lake .
kendall is a part of usd 494 syracuse .
east finchley is an area in north london , immediately north of hampstead heath .
cullen center is a skyscraper complex in downtown houston , texas , united state .
colette rosambert / jean borotra defeated elizabeth ryan / adrian quist 6–2 , 6–4
jordan competed at the 2008 summer olympics in beijing , china .
like other key age of enlightenment thinker , voltaire was a deist .
the roman catholic archdiocese of philadelphia operates catholic school .
strontium titanate is an oxide of strontium and titanium with the chemical formula srtio .
todd martin defeated àlex corretja , 6–3 , 7–6
the queen elizabeth theatre is a performing art venue in downtown vancouver , british columbia , canada .
king 's island is an area of central limerick , ireland .
magnus larsson defeated jared palmer , 6–1 , 6–3
hemu died in the second battle of panipat , and uttar pradesh came under emperor akbar 's rule .
one task force is a part of the guantánamo bay observer program .
madison is a borough in morris county , new jersey , united state .
siamanna borders the following municipality : allai , oristano , ruinas , siapiccia , simaxis , villaurbana .
as of 2019 , its member of parliament is shripad yesso naik of the bharatiya janata party .
french algeria was then not a colony or dependency but a fully-fledged part of metropolitan france .
the 2011–12 basketball league of serbia season is the 6th season of the basketball league of serbia , the highest professional basketball league in serbia .
episodic memory is closely related to semantic memory .
sumatran dhole live in scrubland , grassland , plain , tropical forest and rainforest .
dorobanți is a neighborhood in sector 1 , bucharest .
the kadriorg stadium ( ) is a multi-purpose stadium in tallinn , estonia .
richland is a city in baker county , oregon , united state .
kiryandongo district is a district in western uganda .
guangxi has a short coastline on the gulf of tonkin .
in return , chuck palumbo and torrie wilson defected from the alliance to the wwf .
youth society ( ) is the second studio album by taiwanese mandopop girl group s.h.e .
the xindian river is one of the three major tributary into the tamsui river .
the shanghai stadium ( ) is a multi-purpose stadium in shanghai .
north ryde , west ryde , and east ryde are separate suburb from ryde .
the skagit river empty into skagit bay .
lake vanda is a lake in wright valley , victoria land , ross dependency , antarctica .
the smooth collie is a dog breed of dog developed originally for herding .
fortress obetz is the third home of the ohio machine .
hyponatremia is the most common type of electrolyte imbalance .
ooltewah is an enclave in the city of collegedale .
sleaford is the principal market town in the north kesteven district of lincolnshire .
the patrick division is a former division of the national hockey league ( nhl ) .
the ideal gas law is the equation of state for an ideal gas , given by :
in computer science , a pointer is a kind of reference .
the mishnah of horayot is the final work of nezikin .
ilmenite , magnetite and quartz are found in the rhyolite .
mccaysville is a city in fannin county , georgia , united state .
laplace 's equation is linear , and is one of the most elementary partial differential equation .
castle bruce is a village on the east coast of dominica .
adairsville is a city in bartow county , georgia , united state .
once again andrea dovizioso joined with jorge lorenzo for the season .
small press should not be confused with printer .
the last defender of camelot is a collection of short story written by science fiction writer roger zelazny .
almont is a village in almont township , lapeer county , michigan .
in 1971 , fiba europe established the fiba radivoj korać cup .
malahide compete in the leinster senior league .
cabin john parkway is a part of the national highway system as a principal arterial for its entire length .
elijah reassures obadiah and sends him to ahab .
reedy creek is located within the federal division of barker and the state electoral district of mackillop .
princess margaret hospital is a public hospital in christchurch , new zealand .
tikkurila railway station is the busiest in vantaa and third-busiest in finland .
aluminium phosphate is a chemical compound .
petersburg borough is a borough in the u.s. state of alaska .
unlike frostbite , trench foot usually occurs at temperature above freezing .
his father yao yizhong was a trusted general of later zhao .
malaysia has a consulate general in wan chai .
tuvalu participated in the 2010 summer youth olympics in singapore .
in mathematics and abstract algebra , group theory study the algebraic structure known as group .
point marion is a borough in fayette county , pennsylvania , united state .
carl junction is a city in jasper county , missouri , united state .
cremorne is situated between mosman and neutral bay .
jimbolia ( ) is a town in timiș county , banat , romania .
yellow sun was the first british operational high-yield strategic nuclear weapon .
koboko is a town in northern region of uganda .
mozambique is a member of the southern african development community ( sadc ) .
sodium nitrite can also be used in the production of nitrous acid :
pasco county public transportation provides local bus service on route 30 & 31 in dade city .
jay cooke state park is located on mn 210 in carlton county .
creston is a village in platte county , nebraska , united state .
nylon belongs to a class of polymer called polyamide .
the interlace is the best-known motif of insular art .
buprenorphine works as a partial opioid agonist .
rodney county was one of the county of new zealand in the north island .
the sindh sagar doab lies between the indus and jhelum river .
the meteorite belongs to the cm group of carbonaceous chondrite .
khalifa is a compilation album by american rapper wiz khalifa .
wellington church is within the church of scotland 's presbytery of glasgow .
temple is a town in hillsborough county , new hampshire , united state .
barrasford is in the parliamentary constituency of hexham .
skyline high school is a public high school in millcreek , utah , united state .
iron dome intercepted a rocket over rishon le-zion , the sharon plain and haifa .
barbara potter / sharon walsh defeated betsy nagelsen / candy reynolds 6–4 , 6–2
armstrong siddeley produced a larger version as the successful armstrong siddeley sapphire .
bemersyde house is a historic house in roxburghshire , scotland .
wiesław gawłowski died in a car crash in białobrzegi near płock .
it has also been speculated that the fayyum fragment may be an excerpt from the gospel of peter .
mining is mostly coal .
neath east fall within the community of neath .
abraham is father in faith of three religion , christianity , islam and judaism .
san teodoro is a 6th-century church in rome .
mike hookem punched steven woolfe in the face at a uk independence party conference in 2016 .
rolf singer transferred it to `` hygrocybe '' in 1945 .
grant county lies on the east side of south dakota .
paracombe is a small town near adelaide , south australia .
council house became the pride of perth citizen .
honda first introduced this braking system on the 1992 honda cbr1000f .
in january 1946 , reinhard mohn returned to gütersloh .
cottage grove is a town in dane county , wisconsin .
electrolysis then gives gallium metal .
kewaskum is a member of the east central conference and is predominately known for football .
tylertown is a town in mississippi , united state .
casa ricordi is a publisher of primarily european classical music and opera .
selena and pérez moved into an apartment in corpus christi .
mungiki is a banned ethnic organisation in kenya .
weipa town is a local government area in far north queensland , australia .
administratively calbuco belongs to the llanquihue province of los lagos region .
tobacco is the greatest single cause of oral and pharyngeal cancer .
talladega college is located in the city of talladega .
larch mountain is an extinct volcano near portland , oregon .
aircraft engine type include turboprop , turbojet , turbofan and turboshaft .
in october 2006 , governor of california arnold schwarzenegger appointed anderson to the little hoover commission .
the riverside local school district encompasses the following location of lake county , ohio :
porto valtravaglia borders the following municipality : brezzo di bedero , brissago-valtravaglia , casalzuigno , castelveccana , duno , ghiffa and oggebbio .
noun phrase typically bear argument function .
marion is a city in grant county , indiana , united state .
gulu is served by gulu airport .
the real line carries a canonical measure , namely the lebesgue measure .
ruøya is an island in aure municipality in møre og romsdal county , norway .
kozhencherry is in the south and melukara in the east .
the great basin is the largest area of contiguous endorheic watershed in north america .
7 light anti-aircraft regiment is a reserve force regiment of the south african army air defence artillery formation .
the 3rd cavalry division served on the western front until the end of the war .
lambert is a town in quitman county , mississippi .
te kooti became a successful trader on a ship plying from gisborne to auckland .
shade gap is a borough in huntingdon county , pennsylvania , united state .
the kaohsiung mosque ( ) is a mosque in lingya district , kaohsiung , taiwan .
matupi is the fastest growing christian area in chin state .
in this coordinate system , both laplace 's equation and the helmholtz equation are separable .
shincliffe is a village and civil parish in county durham , england .
roatán is a honduran island in the southern caribbean .
tullahoma is a city in coffee and franklin county in southern middle tennessee .
bomis co-founder michael davis became treasurer of the wikimedia foundation that year .
mcpherson county is a county in the u.s. state of nebraska .
bhakti is the sole mean of liberation in vishishtadvaita .
crane are large , long-legged and long-necked bird .
the campbell river is a river on vancouver island , british columbia , canada .
stephen maguire won in the final 5–2 against alan mcmanus .
the felinae are a subfamily of the family felidae .
used in program where abortion is a method of family planning .
pennsylvania state senate district 28 includes part of york county .
quinta normal is a commune of chile located in santiago province , santiago metropolitan region .
the tanzania craton forms the highest part of the east african plateau .
egypt plays their home match on the cairo international stadium .
a varsity match is a sporting fixture between two university team , particularly university of oxford and university of cambridge .
such dna damage may result in mutation .
westfield is a town in orleans county , vermont united state .
augusta is a city in butler county , kansa , united state .
asakusa was a ward of tokyo city .
the only art nouveau element were the mural by gustav klimt .
biwabik township is a township in saint louis county , minnesota , united state .
slaggyford is in the parliamentary constituency of hexham .
bazar is a village in the zhytomyr oblast in north-western ukraine .
the n67 road is a national secondary road in republic of ireland .
brownville is a village in nemaha county , nebraska , united state .
cellulose is a type of polysaccharide . )
toft is part of the civil parish of toft with lound and manthorpe .
crustacean include crab , shrimp and lobster .
franklin is a town in izard county , arkansas , united state .
theseus departed for crete .
hair follicle receptor sense the position of the hair .
ptinidae is a family of beetle in the superfamily bostrichoidea .
blaise pascal ( 1623-1662 ) also contributed to probability theory .
nowadays most greek language content appears in the greek alphabet .
locana borders the following municipality : cogne , ronco canavese , noasca , ribordone , sparone , chialamberto , cantoira , corio , monastero di lanzo and coassolo torinese .
dutton park is an inner southern suburb of the city of brisbane , queensland , australia .
mankato is across the minnesota river from north mankato .
energy shot are a specialized kind of energy drink .
south centre township is a township in columbia county , pennsylvania , united state .
bulgaria–czech republic relation are foreign relation between bulgaria and the czech republic .
nifelheim is a swedish black metal band .
the saco river is on marajó island in pará state , and is contained within the marajó archipelago environmental protection area .
ferberite is the iron endmember of the manganese - iron wolframite solid solution series .